
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.026620                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26620007679                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                26620007679                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 169482                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   250591                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11292477                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8678196                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2357.32                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   399524781                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     590724180                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         33920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu0.data        734464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         34688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu1.data        735232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         34560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu2.data        735424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         34624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu3.data        735232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           3078144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        33920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        34688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        34560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        34624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       137792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu0.inst            530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu0.data          11476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu1.inst            542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu1.data          11488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu2.inst            540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu2.data          11491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu3.inst            541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu3.data          11488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              48096                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu0.inst          1274230                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu0.data         27590676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu1.inst          1303080                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu1.data         27619526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu2.inst          1298272                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu2.data         27626739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu3.inst          1300676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu3.data         27619526                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            115632724                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1274230                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      1303080                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      1298272                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      1300676                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         5176257                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu0.inst         1274230                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu0.data        27590676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu1.inst         1303080                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu1.data        27619526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu2.inst         1298272                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu2.data        27626739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu3.inst         1300676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu3.data        27619526                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           115632724                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      48096                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    48096                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               3078144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                3078144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             2803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             3068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             3124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             3210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             3223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             3285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             3343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             3263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             3276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             2951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            2820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            2818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            2792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            2741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            2677                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            2702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  15499117368                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                48096                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  26831                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  14737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   5565                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    797                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                     42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        24834                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   123.948780                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.038626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   172.807599                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17963     72.33%     72.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4823     19.42%     91.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          226      0.91%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          416      1.68%     94.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          580      2.34%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          225      0.91%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           39      0.16%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           24      0.10%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          538      2.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        24834                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1381479495                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2283279495                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 240480000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    28723.38                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               47473.38                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      115.63                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   115.63                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   23262                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                48.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    322253.77                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   48.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                94754940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                50363445                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              180777660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        316539600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy           428341890                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy            19039200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy     1286269980                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy       54715680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy      5444695920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy            7875498315                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           295.848825                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         14524354635                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5031233                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    133954000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  22667824929                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    142455820                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    849757263                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2820984434                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                82559820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                43881585                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              162627780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        288266160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy           388073100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy            16077600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy     1157110260                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy       54464160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy      5537533740                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy            7730594205                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           290.405397                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         14613615446                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5387577                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    122012000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  23047743179                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    141874124                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    765632187                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2537358612                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         34752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu0.data        735168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         33856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu1.data        734464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         34176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu2.data        734272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu3.data        734144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           3074880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        34752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        33856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        34176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       136832                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu0.inst            543                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu0.data          11487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu1.inst            529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu1.data          11476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu2.inst            534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu2.data          11473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu3.inst            532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu3.data          11471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              48045                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu0.inst          1305484                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu0.data         27617122                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu1.inst          1271825                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu1.data         27590676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu2.inst          1283846                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu2.data         27583463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu3.inst          1279038                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu3.data         27578655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            115510109                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1305484                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      1271825                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      1283846                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      1279038                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         5140194                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu0.inst         1305484                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu0.data        27617122                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu1.inst         1271825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu1.data        27590676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu2.inst         1283846                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu2.data        27583463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu3.inst         1279038                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu3.data        27578655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           115510109                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      48045                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    48045                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               3074880                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                3074880                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             2793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             3070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             3122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             3201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             3223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             3265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             3347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             3257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             3283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             2941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            2817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            2832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            2795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            2730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            2684                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            2685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  15501764364                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                48045                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  26786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  14732                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   5671                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                     79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        24807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   123.952110                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.981070                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   172.994836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17968     72.43%     72.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4814     19.41%     91.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          200      0.81%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          412      1.66%     94.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          569      2.29%     96.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          244      0.98%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           41      0.17%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      0.09%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          536      2.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        24807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1388700967                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2289544717                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 240225000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    28904.17                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               47654.17                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      115.51                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   115.51                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   23238                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                48.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    322650.94                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   48.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                94505040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                50230620                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              180484920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        317154240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy           427156860                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy            19064160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy     1298147070                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy       48677280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy      5442826920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy            7878247110                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           295.952086                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         14527001495                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      4777965                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    134214000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  22660038679                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    126766918                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    847240534                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2846969583                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                82616940                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                43911945                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              162556380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        286422240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy           387393090                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy            15787200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy     1148682240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy       56240160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy      5540846700                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy            7724456895                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           290.174844                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         14623426924                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5100789                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    121226000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  23063851679                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    146458366                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    764209551                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2519161294                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                6681912                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          6681912                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             2683                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             6023950                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 609707                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               572                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        6023950                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           4360919                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1663031                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1795                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        79939964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34085943                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      99866051                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    6681912                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4970626                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     45680794                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   7388                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1367                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                 11342609                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2080                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          79771991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.851241                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.113670                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                55423203     69.48%     69.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 1681937      2.11%     71.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1846334      2.31%     73.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1974229      2.47%     76.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1459988      1.83%     78.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1583129      1.98%     80.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1305333      1.64%     81.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                 1190435      1.49%     83.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                13307403     16.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            79771991                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.083587                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.249263                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                24573672                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             32641213                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 18998638                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              3554774                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  3694                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             147662006                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  3694                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                26682889                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7240465                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles           970                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 20279825                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             25564148                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             147652610                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                   69                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               5322485                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents              17979761                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                981062                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          163343448                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            347818728                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       163507871                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104267995                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps            163249071                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   94330                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                20                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            18                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 26690992                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            29011842                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8015475                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6810386                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1551503                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147636514                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                472                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                148998090                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              122                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          72966                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        83482                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           420                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     79771991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.867800                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.855909                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24639578     30.89%     30.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15402807     19.31%     50.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15351459     19.24%     69.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9495065     11.90%     81.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6463760      8.10%     89.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4251537      5.33%     94.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2535715      3.18%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             976405      1.22%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             655665      0.82%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       79771991                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  47676      5.72%      5.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               111971     13.44%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                580718     69.69%     88.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1144      0.14%     88.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            91771     11.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               7      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              903      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76906933     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  75      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33686598     22.61%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20561081     13.80%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5370779      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9829455      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2642238      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total             148998090                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.863875                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     833287                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005593                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         254978226                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87382413                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87290481                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123623348                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60328399                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60317856                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              87907693                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61922781                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7238329                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12406                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           96                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          889                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6317                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1381950                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           49                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3694                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                1037451                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3451495                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147636986                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2175                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29011842                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8015475                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 95945                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3273267                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           889                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           768                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2640                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                3408                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts            148993447                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30389772                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4637                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    38402198                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6675393                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   8012426                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.863817                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                     147609154                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                    147608337                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                112308600                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                183992842                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.846490                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610397                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          73153                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             2851                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     79760016                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.850100                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.765702                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     42999948     53.91%     53.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10450323     13.10%     67.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4586240      5.75%     72.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4775981      5.99%     78.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3846567      4.82%     83.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1393910      1.75%     85.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       831310      1.04%     86.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       736347      0.92%     87.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10139390     12.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     79760016                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            99803502                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps             147563973                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      37008587                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                     28999431                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   6672370                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  60313657                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 98338289                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              608520                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76870784     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33684170     22.83%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20553368     13.93%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5367127      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8446063      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2642029      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total        147563973                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events             10139390                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   217257752                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  295286386                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            672                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         167973                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   99803502                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                    147563973                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.800974                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.800974                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.248481                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.248481                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               166202503                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               75244843                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                104260362                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                56107536                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 26394780                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                31943643                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               54991008                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           432778                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.491756                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           28965422                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           433290                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.849967                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        304882812                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   510.491756                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.997054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997054                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         59990302                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        59990302                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     20888149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20888149                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      7755035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7755035                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     28643184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        28643184                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     28643184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       28643184                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       881193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       881193                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       254129                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254129                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1135322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1135322                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1135322                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1135322                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13342660650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13342660650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4483582596                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4483582596                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17826243246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17826243246                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17826243246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17826243246                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     21769342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21769342                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8009164                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8009164                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     29778506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29778506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     29778506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29778506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040479                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031730                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031730                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038126                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038126                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15141.587201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15141.587201                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17642.939594                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17642.939594                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15701.486667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15701.486667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15701.486667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15701.486667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1581                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   131.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       394950                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           394950                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       477386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       477386                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          264                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       477650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       477650                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       477650                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       477650                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       403807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       403807                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       253865                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       253865                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       657672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       657672                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       657672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       657672                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6856543926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6856543926                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4143613239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4143613239                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11000157165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11000157165                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11000157165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11000157165                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16979.754997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16979.754997                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16322.113088                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16322.113088                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16725.901612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16725.901612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16725.901612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16725.901612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          492.129115                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           11341104                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1173                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          9668.460358                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   492.129115                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.961190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22686395                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        22686395                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     11341109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11341109                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     11341109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        11341109                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     11341109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       11341109                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    145394127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145394127                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    145394127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    145394127                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    145394127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    145394127                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     11342609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11342609                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     11342609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     11342609                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     11342609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     11342609                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96929.418000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96929.418000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96929.418000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96929.418000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96929.418000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96929.418000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          648                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           72                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          671                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              671                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    116398485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116398485                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    116398485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116398485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    116398485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116398485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98894.209856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98894.209856                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98894.209856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98894.209856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98894.209856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98894.209856                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2.tags.replacements               279295                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4017.677456                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l2.tags.total_refs                 809051                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283391                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.854893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1842681474                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.236438                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    49.685119                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  3965.755899                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.012130                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.968202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980878                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          784                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3206                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9022935                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l2.tags.data_accesses             9022935                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       394950                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       394950                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          668                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          668                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data       224225                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224225                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data         6937                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             6937                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           95                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            95                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       144317                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144317                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              95                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data          151254                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::total              151349                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             95                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data         151254                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::total             151349                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.conversionMisses                809051                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.l2.NumberOfConversion        69039020.724190                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data        22777                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22777                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       259416                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259416                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          1078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data        282193                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::total            283271                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data       282193                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::total           283271                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2638421271                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2638421271                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    114013539                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    114013539                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5463518346                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5463518346                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    114013539                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8101939617                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8215953156                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    114013539                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8101939617                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8215953156                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       394950                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       394950                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          668                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          668                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data       224225                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224225                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        29714                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29714                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1173                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1173                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       403733                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       403733                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst         1173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       433447                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::total          434620                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         1173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       433447                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::total         434620                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.766541                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.766541                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.919011                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.919011                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.642543                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642543                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.919011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.651044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.651767                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.919011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.651044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.651767                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 115837.084383                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115837.084383                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105763.950835                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105763.950835                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21060.837982                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21060.837982                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105763.950835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28710.632854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29003.862577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105763.950835                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28710.632854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29003.862577                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.writebacks::writebacks          277961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2.writebacks::total               277961                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       259416                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259416                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       282193                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       282193                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283271                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2547404379                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2547404379                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    109705851                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109705851                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4426892010                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4426892010                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    109705851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6974296389                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7084002240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    109705851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6974296389                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7084002240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.766541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766541                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.919011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.919011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.642543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642543                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.919011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.651044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651767                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.919011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.651044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651767                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111841.084383                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111841.084383                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101767.950835                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101767.950835                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17064.837982                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17064.837982                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101767.950835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24714.632854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25007.862577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101767.950835                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24714.632854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25007.862577                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1092455                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       657827                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          626                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          625                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       404910                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       672911                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          671                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39319                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224225                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224225                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        29714                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        29714                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       403733                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side         3021                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side      1748279                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1751300                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side       118016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side     53017408                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53135424                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoops                     279299                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17789760                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       938144                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000685                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026212                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            937502     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               641      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        938144                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     627271101                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1175823                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    507680478                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                6697944                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          6697944                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect             2700                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             6038894                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 610608                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect               583                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups        6038894                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits           4371529                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses         1667365                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1811                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                        79939964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34162913                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                     100063061                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    6697944                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           4982137                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     45596641                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                   7436                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1374                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                 11368312                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2031                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          79764849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.855131                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.110128                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                55375628     69.42%     69.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                 1586321      1.99%     71.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                 1846899      2.32%     73.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1891493      2.37%     76.10% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1641678      2.06%     78.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                 1677061      2.10%     80.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1313232      1.65%     81.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                 1272043      1.59%     83.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                13160494     16.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            79764849                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.083787                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       1.251728                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                24580310                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             32549073                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 19177047                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles              3454701                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                  3718                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts             147958878                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                  3718                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                26617642                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                8890136                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles           784                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 20401051                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles             23851518                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts             147949437                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                   54                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents               5493968                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents              16390438                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.SQFullEvents                685238                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands          163645591                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            348540390                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       163703086                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104643224                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps            163550553                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                   94906                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                19                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts            17                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                 25477239                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            29048675                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            8024922                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6831570                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1543126                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147933406                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                462                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                149295128                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              124                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          73695                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        84039                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           410                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     79764849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.871691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.856579                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24555885     30.79%     30.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15397982     19.30%     50.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15371653     19.27%     69.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9505429     11.92%     81.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6515699      8.17%     89.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4234073      5.31%     94.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2541759      3.19%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             985114      1.24%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             657255      0.82%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       79764849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  48130      5.82%      5.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               109799     13.28%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                575664     69.63%     88.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1176      0.14%     88.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            91937     11.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               8      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              907      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             77058865     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33785029     22.63%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20578874     13.78%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5375734      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9848853      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2646764      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total             149295128                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          1.867591                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     826714                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005537                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         255198298                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87498706                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87406107                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123983638                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60509712                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60498761                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              88019115                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses               62101820                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7234331                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12503                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          104                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          884                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6306                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382257                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           49                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3718                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                1132528                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles              4980094                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147933868                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2254                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29048675                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8024922                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               169                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 95573                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              4796373                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           884                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           774                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2649                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                3423                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149290394                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30426933                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4727                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    38448847                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 6691382                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   8021914                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    1.867531                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                     147905730                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                    147904868                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                112519243                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                184430181                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      1.850199                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610091                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts          73879                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts             2878                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     79752715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.853982                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.768132                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     42928887     53.83%     53.83% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10474573     13.13%     66.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4593683      5.76%     72.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4786025      6.00%     78.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3831926      4.80%     83.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1392919      1.75%     85.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       834669      1.05%     86.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       740532      0.93%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10169501     12.75%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     79752715                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts           100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps             147860059                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      37054773                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                     29036158                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   6688311                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                  60494441                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 98477176                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              609425                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        77022312     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33782542     22.85%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20571030     13.91%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5372066      3.63%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8465128      5.73%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2646549      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total        147860059                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events             10169501                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   217517152                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  295880230                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            673                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                         175115                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                    147860059                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              0.799400                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        0.799400                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              1.250939                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        1.250939                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               166398372                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               75339544                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                104635128                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                56277309                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_reads                 26458487                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_writes                31981155                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads               55078834                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           433294                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.525242                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           29012445                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           433806                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.878847                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        281529855                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   510.525242                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.997120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          271                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60091436                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60091436                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     20925604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20925604                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      7763944                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7763944                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     28689548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        28689548                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     28689548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       28689548                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       884597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       884597                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       254670                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254670                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1139267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       1139267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1139267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      1139267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  13366679274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13366679274                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4318192817                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4318192817                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  17684872091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17684872091                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  17684872091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17684872091                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     21810201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21810201                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      8018614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8018614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     29828815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29828815                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     29828815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29828815                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.040559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040559                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.031760                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031760                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.038194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038194                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.038194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038194                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15110.473214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15110.473214                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16956.032579                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16956.032579                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15523.026728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15523.026728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15523.026728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15523.026728                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1431                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   102.214286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       395485                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           395485                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       480307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       480307                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          268                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          268                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       480575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       480575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       480575                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       480575                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       404290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       254402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       254402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       658692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       658692                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       658692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       658692                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6868519272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6868519272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3977491859                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3977491859                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  10846011131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10846011131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  10846011131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10846011131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.031726                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031726                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16989.090188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16989.090188                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15634.672129                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15634.672129                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16465.982783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16465.982783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16465.982783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16465.982783                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              669                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          493.573505                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           11366819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1173                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          9690.382779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   493.573505                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.964011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22737801                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        22737801                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     11366823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11366823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     11366823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        11366823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     11366823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       11366823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         1489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1489                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1489                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    150990858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150990858                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    150990858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    150990858                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    150990858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    150990858                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11368312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     11368312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     11368312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101404.202821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101404.202821                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101404.202821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101404.202821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101404.202821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101404.202821                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1216                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   243.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          669                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              669                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120940605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120940605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120940605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120940605                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120940605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120940605                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102753.275276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102753.275276                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102753.275276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102753.275276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102753.275276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102753.275276                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2.tags.replacements               279769                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4018.645958                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l2.tags.total_refs                 810124                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283865                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.853906                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1804680513                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.365102                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    49.186262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  3968.094594                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.012008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.968773                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.981115                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          793                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9035785                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l2.tags.data_accesses             9035785                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       395485                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       395485                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          667                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          667                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data       224720                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224720                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data         6988                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             6988                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           97                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            97                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data       144314                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144314                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              97                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data          151302                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::total              151399                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             97                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data         151302                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::total             151399                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.conversionMisses                810124                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.l2.NumberOfConversion        69130583.393585                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          1076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data        282671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::total            283747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data       282671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::total           283747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2468942253                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2468942253                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118547667                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    118547667                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5474378808                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5474378808                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118547667                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7943321061                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8061868728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118547667                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7943321061                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8061868728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       395485                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       395485                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          667                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          667                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data       224720                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224720                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        29762                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29762                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         1173                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1173                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       404211                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404211                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst         1173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data       433973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::total          435146                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         1173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data       433973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::total         435146                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.765204                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.765204                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.917306                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.642974                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642974                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.652073                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.652073                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 108410.567006                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108410.567006                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 110174.411710                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110174.411710                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21063.647553                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21063.647553                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 110174.411710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28100.940885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28412.172562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 110174.411710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28100.940885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28412.172562                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2.writebacks::total               278434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       282671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       282671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2377937349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2377937349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114247971                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114247971                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4435830396                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4435830396                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114247971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6813767745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6928015716                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114247971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6813767745                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6928015716                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.765204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.765204                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.642974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642974                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651356                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.652073                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651356                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.652073                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 104414.567006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104414.567006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 106178.411710                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106178.411710                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17067.647553                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17067.647553                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 106178.411710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24104.940885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24416.172562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 106178.411710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24104.940885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24416.172562                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1094000                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       658846                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           14                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          626                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          625                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405388                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       673919                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          669                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39311                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224720                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224720                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        29762                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        29762                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404211                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side         3019                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side      1750847                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1753866                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side       117888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side     53085312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53203200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoops                     279773                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17820032                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       939639                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000682                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026150                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            938999     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               639      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        939639                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     628140564                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1176155                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    508371119                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                6686509                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          6686509                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect             2749                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             6028226                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 609946                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect               592                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups        6028226                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits           4363778                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses         1664448                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1837                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                        79939964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34107156                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      99920144                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    6686509                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           4973724                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     45658170                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                   7508                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 175                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1348                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                 11349667                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2084                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          79770610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.852298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.114297                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                55414266     69.47%     69.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                 1675052      2.10%     71.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                 1850849      2.32%     73.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 1966963      2.47%     76.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                 1465032      1.84%     78.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                 1587847      1.99%     80.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 1311688      1.64%     81.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                 1179507      1.48%     83.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                13319406     16.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            79770610                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.083644                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.249940                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                24578838                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             32630014                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 18965262                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              3592742                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                  3754                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             147743769                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                  3754                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                26673855                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                7371693                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles          1171                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 20281779                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles             25438358                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             147734186                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                   51                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents               5407511                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents              17942125                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents                781541                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          163426761                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            348016999                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       163561687                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104369897                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            163330655                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                   95937                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                19                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts            17                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 26762150                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads            29021846                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            8017979                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6824707                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores         1552284                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147717862                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                484                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                149079234                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              142                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          74113                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        84959                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           432                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     79770610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.868849                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.856357                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24633165     30.88%     30.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15383175     19.28%     50.16% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15368791     19.27%     69.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9462994     11.86%     81.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6505772      8.16%     89.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4241999      5.32%     94.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2535628      3.18%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             990044      1.24%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             649042      0.81%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       79770610                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  47173      5.69%      5.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               109933     13.27%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     18.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                578991     69.87%     88.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1071      0.13%     88.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            91495     11.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               8      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              930      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76948723     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33713256     22.61%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20565952     13.80%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5372063      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9834751      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2643457      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             149079234                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.864890                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     828671                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005559                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         255038759                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87415597                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87322358                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123719130                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60377725                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60366867                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              87937530                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61969445                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7234964                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12429                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           99                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          892                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6249                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382031                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           51                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3754                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                1122451                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3473941                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147718346                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2227                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29021846                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8017979                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               176                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 96736                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3291117                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           892                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           785                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2717                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                3502                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149074421                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30399943                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4811                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    38414878                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 6679776                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   8014935                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.864830                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     147690057                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    147689225                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                112402420                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                184155143                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.847502                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610368                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts          74279                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts             2907                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     79758412                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.851141                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.767026                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     42987486     53.90%     53.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10461336     13.12%     67.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4588420      5.75%     72.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4776643      5.99%     78.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3826658      4.80%     83.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1389818      1.74%     85.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       832697      1.04%     86.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       738761      0.93%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10156593     12.73%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     79758412                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            99856675                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             147644080                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                      37021108                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                     29009399                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   6676685                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                  60362535                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 98375905                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              608763                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76911768     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33710772     22.83%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20558172     13.92%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5368457      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8451227      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2643252      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total        147644080                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events             10156593                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   217320178                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  295449186                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                            673                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                         169354                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   99856675                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    147644080                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.800547                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.800547                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              1.249146                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        1.249146                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               166255760                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               75271024                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                104361776                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                56153549                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                 26412166                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes                31953897                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads               55015086                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           433749                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.489228                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           28977513                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           434261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.728334                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        304945749                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   510.489228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.997049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60023275                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60023275                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data     20898066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20898066                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      7757216                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7757216                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data     28655282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        28655282                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data     28655282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       28655282                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       884724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       884724                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       254501                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254501                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1139225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       1139225                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1139225                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      1139225                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13356065898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13356065898                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4355441864                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4355441864                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  17711507762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17711507762                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  17711507762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17711507762                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data     21782790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21782790                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      8011717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8011717                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data     29794507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29794507                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data     29794507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29794507                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.040616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040616                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031766                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031766                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.038236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038236                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.038236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038236                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15096.307886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15096.307886                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17113.653243                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17113.653243                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15546.979536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15546.979536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15546.979536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15546.979536                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1224                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    94.153846                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       395856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           395856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       480105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       480105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       480427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       480427                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       480427                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       480427                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       404619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       254179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       254179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       658798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       658798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       658798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       658798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6864577551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6864577551                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4014718928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4014718928                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  10879296479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10879296479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  10879296479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10879296479                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031726                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031726                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16965.534369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16965.534369                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15794.849016                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15794.849016                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16513.857782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16513.857782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16513.857782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16513.857782                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              662                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          493.549744                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           11348175                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1166                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          9732.568611                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   493.549744                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.963964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22700504                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        22700504                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     11348175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11348175                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     11348175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        11348175                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     11348175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       11348175                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1492                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst         1492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          1492                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         1492                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    145026495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145026495                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    145026495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    145026495                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    145026495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    145026495                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     11349667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11349667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     11349667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     11349667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     11349667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     11349667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97202.744638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97202.744638                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97202.744638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97202.744638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97202.744638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97202.744638                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          315                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           45                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks          662                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total              662                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1170                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1170                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1170                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    116472078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116472078                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    116472078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116472078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    116472078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116472078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 99548.784615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99548.784615                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 99548.784615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99548.784615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 99548.784615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99548.784615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2.tags.replacements               279512                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4017.632597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l2.tags.total_refs                 810984                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283608                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.859524                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1834229601                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.423726                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    49.496975                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  3966.711896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000348                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.012084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.968436                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980867                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          790                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3198                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9040352                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l2.tags.data_accesses             9040352                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       395856                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       395856                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          659                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          659                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data       224311                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224311                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data         7192                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             7192                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst           87                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            87                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data       144889                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144889                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              87                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data          152081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::total              152168                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             87                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data         152081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::total             152168                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.conversionMisses                810984                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.l2.NumberOfConversion        69203970.062439                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data        22779                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22779                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1079                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1079                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data       259627                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259627                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          1079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data        282406                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::total            283485                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1079                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data       282406                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::total           283485                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2508967521                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2508967521                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    114134085                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    114134085                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5467804389                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5467804389                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    114134085                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7976771910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8090905995                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    114134085                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7976771910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8090905995                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       395856                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       395856                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          659                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          659                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data       224311                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224311                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        29971                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29971                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         1166                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1166                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       404516                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404516                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data       434487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::total          435653                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         1166                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       434487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::total         435653                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.760035                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.760035                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925386                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.925386                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.641821                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.641821                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925386                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649976                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.650713                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925386                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649976                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.650713                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 110143.883445                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110143.883445                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 105777.650602                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105777.650602                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21060.230211                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21060.230211                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 105777.650602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28245.759332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28540.861051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 105777.650602                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28245.759332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28540.861051                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l2.writebacks::total               278172                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22779                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22779                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1079                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1079                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       259627                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259627                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       282406                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       282406                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283485                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2417942637                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2417942637                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    109822401                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109822401                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4430334897                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4430334897                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    109822401                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6848277534                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6958099935                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    109822401                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6848277534                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6958099935                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.760035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760035                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925386                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.641821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641821                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925386                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649976                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650713                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925386                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649976                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650713                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 106147.883445                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106147.883445                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 101781.650602                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101781.650602                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17064.230211                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17064.230211                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 101781.650602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24249.759332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24544.861051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 101781.650602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24249.759332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24544.861051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1094605                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       658944                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          632                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          631                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405686                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       674028                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          662                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39460                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224311                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224311                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        29971                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        29971                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1170                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404516                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side         2998                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side      1751571                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1754569                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side       116992                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side     53141952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53258944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoops                     279517                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17803264                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       939481                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000691                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026315                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            938833     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               647      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        939481                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     628584453                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1169162                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    508748076                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                6687015                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted          6687015                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect             2706                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups             6028722                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                 609997                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect               589                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups        6028722                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits           4364232                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses         1664490                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1806                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                        79939964                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34110809                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                      99927650                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                    6687015                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches           4974229                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                     45656551                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                   7358                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 151                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1128                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                 11350634                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2069                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples          79772325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.852397                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.114353                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                55417996     69.47%     69.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                 1671399      2.10%     71.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                 1842708      2.31%     73.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                 1978743      2.48%     76.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                 1463102      1.83%     78.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                 1586507      1.99%     80.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                 1308395      1.64%     81.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                 1186132      1.49%     83.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                13317343     16.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total            79772325                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.083650                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       1.250034                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                24604947                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles             32599335                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                 19016653                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles              3547711                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                  3679                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts             147754901                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                  3679                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                26701364                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                7324032                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles          1082                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                 20301857                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles             25440311                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts             147745373                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.ROBFullEvents                   72                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents               5350595                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LQFullEvents              17929110                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu3.rename.SQFullEvents                886682                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands          163437966                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups            348044417                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups       163568823                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104385009                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps            163342862                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                   94994                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                20                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts            18                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                 26637106                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads            29023412                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores            8018371                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6815699                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores         1537461                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147729399                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                478                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                149090965                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              112                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          73719                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        84078                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           426                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     79772325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.868956                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.857191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24646422     30.90%     30.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15394578     19.30%     50.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15324121     19.21%     69.40% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9476932     11.88%     81.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6514719      8.17%     89.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4232745      5.31%     94.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2535189      3.18%     97.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             997338      1.25%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             650281      0.82%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       79772325                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  47938      5.84%      5.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               108571     13.22%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                571946     69.65%     88.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1055      0.13%     88.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            91710     11.17%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               7      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              888      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76954518     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33717245     22.62%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20566756     13.79%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5372300      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9835506      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2643650      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total             149090965                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          1.865037                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     821227                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005508                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         255043364                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87419183                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87326823                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123732230                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60385270                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60374169                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses              87936040                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61975264                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7239335                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12495                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          886                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6262                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382044                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           82                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3679                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                1090504                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3473443                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147729877                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2164                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29023412                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8018371                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               175                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 96103                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3294263                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           886                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           787                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2614                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                3401                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149086244                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30401493                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4721                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                    38416850                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                 6680421                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                   8015357                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    1.864978                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                     147701797                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                    147700992                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                112385517                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                184132619                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      1.847649                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610351                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts          73861                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts             2841                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     79760219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.851250                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.767876                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     42998329     53.91%     53.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10461497     13.12%     67.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4588868      5.75%     72.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4774283      5.99%     78.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3807623      4.77%     83.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1389243      1.74%     85.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       832822      1.04%     86.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       740085      0.93%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10167469     12.75%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     79760219                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts            99864604                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps             147656068                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                      37022992                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                     29010885                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                   6677335                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                  60369792                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                 98381587                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls              608802                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76917926     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33714718     22.83%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20558892     13.92%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5368670      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8451993      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2643437      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total        147656068                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events             10167469                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                   217322679                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                  295472160                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                            663                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                         167639                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   99864604                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                    147656068                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              0.800483                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        0.800483                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              1.249245                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        1.249245                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads               166264105                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes               75274663                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_reads                104376766                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                56160383                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_reads                 26414844                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_writes                31955357                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads               55018624                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           433698                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.510816                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           28971511                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           434210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.722349                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        303136893                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   510.510816                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.997091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60018304                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60018304                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data     20891662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20891662                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data      7757622                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7757622                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data     28649284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        28649284                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data     28649284                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       28649284                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       888272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       888272                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data       254491                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254491                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data      1142763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       1142763                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data      1142763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      1142763                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  13370662620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13370662620                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4448394485                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4448394485                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data  17819057105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17819057105                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data  17819057105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17819057105                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data     21779934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21779934                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data      8012113                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8012113                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data     29792047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29792047                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data     29792047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29792047                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.040784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040784                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.031763                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031763                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.038358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.038358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15052.441842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15052.441842                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17479.574857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17479.574857                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15592.959437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15592.959437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15592.959437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15592.959437                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1735                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               18                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    96.388889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       395803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           395803                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       483678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       483678                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       483997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       483997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       483997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       483997                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       404594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404594                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       254172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       254172                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       658766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       658766                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       658766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       658766                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6866535924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6866535924                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4107745142                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4107745142                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  10974281066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10974281066                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  10974281066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10974281066                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.018576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.031723                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031723                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16971.423017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16971.423017                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16161.281109                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16161.281109                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16658.845578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16658.845578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16658.845578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16658.845578                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              675                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          492.140199                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           11349129                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1177                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          9642.420561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   492.140199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.961211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22702449                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        22702449                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst     11349135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11349135                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst     11349135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        11349135                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst     11349135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       11349135                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst         1499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         1499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    146276910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146276910                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    146276910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146276910                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    146276910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146276910                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     11350634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11350634                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst     11350634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     11350634                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst     11350634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     11350634                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 97582.995330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97582.995330                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 97582.995330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97582.995330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 97582.995330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97582.995330                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          465                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    66.428571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    118237644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118237644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    118237644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118237644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    118237644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118237644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 100116.548688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100116.548688                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 100116.548688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100116.548688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 100116.548688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100116.548688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2.tags.replacements               279529                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4018.378022                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l2.tags.total_refs                 810907                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283625                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.859082                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1831506327                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.266245                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    49.660769                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  3966.451008                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.012124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.968372                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.981049                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           88                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          790                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9039889                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l2.tags.data_accesses             9039889                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       395803                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       395803                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          672                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          672                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data       224329                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224329                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data         7168                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             7168                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           99                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            99                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data       144843                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144843                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst              99                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data          152011                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::total              152110                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst             99                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data         152011                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::total             152110                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.conversionMisses                810907                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.l2.NumberOfConversion        69197399.395576                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data       259652                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259652                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          1078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data        282426                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::total            283504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data       282426                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::total           283504                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2600823240                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2600823240                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    115829055                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    115829055                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   5469233292                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5469233292                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    115829055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   8070056532                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8185885587                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    115829055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   8070056532                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8185885587                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       395803                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       395803                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          672                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          672                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data       224329                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224329                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data        29942                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29942                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         1177                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1177                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       404495                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404495                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data       434437                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::total          435614                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst         1177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data       434437                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::total         435614                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.760604                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.760604                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915888                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.915888                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.641916                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.641916                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.650815                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.650815                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 114201.424431                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114201.424431                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 107448.102968                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107448.102968                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 21063.705621                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21063.705621                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 107448.102968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 28574.056680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28873.968575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 107448.102968                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 28574.056680                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28873.968575                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278195                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l2.writebacks::total               278195                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       259652                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259652                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       282426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283504                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       282426                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283504                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2509818336                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2509818336                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111521367                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111521367                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4431663900                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4431663900                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111521367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6941482236                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7053003603                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111521367                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6941482236                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7053003603                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.760604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.915888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.641916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641916                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650815                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650815                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 110205.424431                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110205.424431                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103452.102968                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103452.102968                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17067.705621                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17067.705621                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103452.102968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 24578.056680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24877.968575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103452.102968                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 24578.056680                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24877.968575                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1094546                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       658924                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           17                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          627                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          626                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405675                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       673998                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          675                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39455                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224329                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224329                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        29942                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        29942                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1181                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404495                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side         3033                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side      1751455                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1754488                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side       118528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side     53135296                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53253824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoops                     279533                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17804736                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       939476                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000687                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026234                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            938832     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               643      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        939476                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     628538166                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1180151                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    508703121                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.replacements                         1                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 84462.703728                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                     2153476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                     96141                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                     22.399143                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      1008.104840                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     20094.298696                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      1005.104123                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     20132.539221                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst      1005.950535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     20105.290386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst      1006.858061                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     20104.557867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.007691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.153307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.007668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.153599                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.007675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.153391                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.007682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.153386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.644399                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         96140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        96140                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.733490                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                  36090013                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                 36090013                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1112761                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1112761                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data                 3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        259225                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data        259702                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data        259437                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data        259464                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1037848                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu0.data               259230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu1.data               259707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu2.data               259442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu3.data               259467                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                  1037866                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu0.data              259230                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu1.data              259707                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu2.data              259442                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu3.data              259467                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                 1037866                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.conversionMisses                          0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.l3.ConversionWrtBack                         0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.l3.NumberOfConversion                        0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           22772                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           22769                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data           22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           22771                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total               91086                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1073                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          191                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1071                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          195                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1074                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data          190                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1073                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data          188                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5055                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               1073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu0.data              22963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               1071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu1.data              22964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               1074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu2.data              22964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               1073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu3.data              22959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                  96141                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              1073                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu0.data             22963                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              1071                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu1.data             22964                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              1074                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu2.data             22964                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              1073                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu3.data             22959                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total                 96141                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2441006550                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2271544515                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2311472214                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2403437490                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    9427460769                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    104614947                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21038274                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109165725                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     22225752                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    104728167                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     21311334                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    106429464                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     22560750                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    512074413                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    104614947                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2462044824                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109165725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2293770267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    104728167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2332783548                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    106429464                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2425998240                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       9939535182                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    104614947                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2462044824                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109165725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2293770267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    104728167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2332783548                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    106429464                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2425998240                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      9939535182                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1112761                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1112761                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         22777                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         22774                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data         22779                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data         22774                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total             91104                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       259416                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         1079                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       259627                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       259652                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1042903                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           282193                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             1076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           282671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             1079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu2.data           282406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             1078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu3.data           282426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total              1134007                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          282193                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            1076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          282671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            1079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu2.data          282406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            1078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu3.data          282426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total             1134007                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999868                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999802                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995362                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000736                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000750                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995366                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000732                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995362                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000724                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.004847                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.995362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.081373                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.995353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.081239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.995366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.081316                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.995362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.081292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.084780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.995362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.081373                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.995353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.081239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.995366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.081316                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.995362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.081292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.084780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107193.331723                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99764.790505                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101496.101431                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 105548.174872                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103500.656182                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97497.620690                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 110148.031414                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101928.781513                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 113978.215385                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97512.259777                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 112164.915789                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99188.689655                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 120003.989362                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101300.576261                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97497.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107217.908113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101928.781513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99885.484541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97512.259777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101584.373280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99188.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 105666.546452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103384.978126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97497.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107217.908113                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101928.781513                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99885.484541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97512.259777                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101584.373280                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99188.689655                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 105666.546452                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103384.978126                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22772                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22769                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22771                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          91086                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1073                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          191                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1071                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          195                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1074                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          190                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1073                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          188                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         5055                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          1073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         22963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          1071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         22964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          1074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         22964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          1073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         22959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             96141                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            96141                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2164270261                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1994814369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2034660818                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2126702661                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8320448109                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     91574562                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     18717271                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96148741                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     19857244                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     91675613                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     19002400                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     93390233                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     20277391                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    450643455                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     91574562                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2182987532                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96148741                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2014671613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     91675613                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2053663218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     93390233                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2146980052                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8771091564                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     91574562                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2182987532                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96148741                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2014671613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     91675613                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2053663218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     93390233                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2146980052                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8771091564                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081373                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.081316                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.081292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.084780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081373                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.081316                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.081292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.084780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95040.851089                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87610.978480                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89341.390094                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 93395.224672                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91347.167611                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85344.419385                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97996.183246                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89774.734827                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 101832.020513                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85359.043762                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 100012.631579                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87036.563840                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 107858.462766                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89148.062315                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85344.419385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95065.432740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89774.734827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87731.737197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85359.043762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89429.682024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87036.563840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 93513.657041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91231.540799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85344.419385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95065.432740                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89774.734827                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87731.737197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85359.043762                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89429.682024                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87036.563840                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 93513.657041                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91231.540799                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         96141                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5055                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             91086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            91086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5055                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        96192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        96090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total       192282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 192282                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      3078144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      3074880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total      6153024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6153024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             96141                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   96141    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               96141                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy            72445049                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer9.occupancy            72301109                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer9.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          521825072                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2249617                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1115610                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              1                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26620007679                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1042903                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1112761                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2850                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            91104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           91104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1042903                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       845215                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       846641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       845855                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       845913                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count::total               3383624                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35918848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35979584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35946048                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35948672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size::total              143793152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                               1                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                         0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1134008                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000001                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.000939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                1134007    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total            1134008                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1119671874                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy         188702974                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer1.occupancy         189007042                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer2.occupancy         188832218                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer3.occupancy         188853504                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
