
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.026611                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26611384311                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                26611384311                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 168794                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   249573                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11243488                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8678196                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2366.83                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   399505762                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     590695584                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         33920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu0.data        734464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         34688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu1.data        735232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         34496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu2.data        735424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         34624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu3.data        735232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           3078080                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        33920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        34688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        34496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        34624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       137728                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu0.inst            530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu0.data          11476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu1.inst            542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu1.data          11488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu2.inst            539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu2.data          11491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu3.inst            541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu3.data          11488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              48095                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu0.inst          1274642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu0.data         27599616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu1.inst          1303502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu1.data         27628476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu2.inst          1296287                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu2.data         27635691                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu3.inst          1301097                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu3.data         27628476                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            115667790                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1274642                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      1303502                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      1296287                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      1301097                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         5175529                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu0.inst         1274642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu0.data        27599616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu1.inst         1303502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu1.data        27628476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu2.inst         1296287                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu2.data        27635691                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu3.inst         1301097                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu3.data        27628476                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           115667790                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      48095                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    48095                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               3078080                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                3078080                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             2803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             3068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             3124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             3210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             3223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             3285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             3343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             3263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             3276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             2951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            2820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            2818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            2792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            2741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            2676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            2702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  15493194297                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                48095                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  26825                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  14738                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   5568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    796                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    111                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                     42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        24837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   123.931232                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.020979                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   172.886913                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17967     72.34%     72.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4828     19.44%     91.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          221      0.89%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          413      1.66%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          581      2.34%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          225      0.91%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           39      0.16%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      0.09%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          540      2.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        24837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1382620895                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2284402145                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 240475000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    28747.71                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               47497.71                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      115.67                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   115.67                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   23258                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                48.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    322137.32                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   48.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                94769220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                50371035                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              180777660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        315924960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy           428311680                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy            19016160                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy     1284120510                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy       53584320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy      5444494920                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy            7871370465                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           295.789583                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         14512873672                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5025233                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    133694000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  22666987811                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    139512182                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    849917447                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2816247638                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                82566960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                43885380                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              162620640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        288266160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy           388014390                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy            16077120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy     1156408020                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy       55105440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy      5535464040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy            7728408150                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           290.417359                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         14609859096                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5387910                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    122012000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  23039119811                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    143543191                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    765497099                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2535824300                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         34688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu0.data        735168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         33856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu1.data        734464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu2.data        734272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu3.data        734144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           3074688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        34688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        33856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       136640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu0.inst            542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu0.data          11487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu1.inst            529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu1.data          11476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu2.inst            532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu2.data          11473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu3.inst            532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu3.data          11471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              48042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu0.inst          1303502                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu0.data         27626071                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu1.inst          1272237                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu1.data         27599616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu2.inst          1279452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu2.data         27592401                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu3.inst          1279452                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu3.data         27587592                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            115540325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1303502                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      1272237                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      1279452                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      1279452                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         5134645                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu0.inst         1303502                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu0.data        27626071                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu1.inst         1272237                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu1.data        27599616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu2.inst         1279452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu2.data        27592401                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu3.inst         1279452                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu3.data        27587592                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           115540325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      48042                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    48042                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               3074688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                3074688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             2793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             3070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             3122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             3201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             3223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             3265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             3346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             3257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             3283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             2941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            2817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            2832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            2795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            2730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            2682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            2685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  15495871263                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                48042                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  26778                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  14730                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   5673                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    739                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                     79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        24805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   123.954364                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.964392                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   173.111126                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17971     72.45%     72.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4812     19.40%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          197      0.79%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          411      1.66%     94.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          568      2.29%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          243      0.98%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           42      0.17%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           25      0.10%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          536      2.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        24805                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1390596682                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2291384182                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 240210000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    28945.44                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               47695.44                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      115.54                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   115.54                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   23237                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                48.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    322548.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   48.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                94512180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                50234415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              180477780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        317154240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy           427199040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy            19059840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy     1298323200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy       48497760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy      5440757220                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy            7876215675                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           295.971656                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         14523095189                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      4777965                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    134214000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  22651415311                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    126299158                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    847346311                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2847331566                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                82595520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                43900560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              162542100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        286422240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy           387332100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy            15805440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy     1142723460                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy       58426560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy      5541148845                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy            7720991595                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           290.138660                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         14612063922                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5352789                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    121232000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  23062478561                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    152152610                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    764071675                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2506096676                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                6681620                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          6681620                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             2694                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             6023675                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 609692                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               577                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        6023675                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           4360692                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1662983                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1799                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        79914068                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34084104                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      99861344                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    6681620                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4970384                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     45657007                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   7414                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1367                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                 11342019                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2091                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          79746378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.851749                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.113923                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                55398094     69.47%     69.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 1680918      2.11%     71.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1846916      2.32%     73.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1974973      2.48%     76.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1463257      1.83%     78.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1581335      1.98%     80.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1303659      1.63%     81.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                 1188819      1.49%     83.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                13308407     16.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            79746378                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.083610                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.249609                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                24570231                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             32620945                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 18993684                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              3557811                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  3707                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             147655215                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  3707                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                26674346                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7216474                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles           970                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 20283770                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             25567111                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             147645704                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                   80                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               5327572                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents              17979934                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                981069                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          163336356                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            347801617                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       163503974                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104258005                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps            163241925                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   94357                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                20                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            18                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 26691387                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            29011052                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8015288                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6812242                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1562387                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147629571                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                472                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                148991224                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              123                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          73077                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        83314                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           420                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     79746378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.868313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.855671                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24618051     30.87%     30.87% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15394042     19.30%     50.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15350378     19.25%     69.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9498791     11.91%     81.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6480139      8.13%     89.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4233726      5.31%     94.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2543632      3.19%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             971877      1.22%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             655742      0.82%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       79746378                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  47248      5.69%      5.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.69% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               112082     13.49%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                578579     69.64%     88.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1129      0.14%     88.95% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            91760     11.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               8      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              907      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76903466     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  75      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33684169     22.61%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20560718     13.80%     88.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5370701      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9829018      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2642142      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total             148991224                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.864393                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     830806                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005576                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         254945763                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87380369                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87288145                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123613991                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60323613                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60313339                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              87903185                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61917938                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7238429                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12415                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           96                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          891                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6334                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1381947                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           49                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3707                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                1031893                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3441908                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147630043                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2196                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29011052                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8015288                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 97128                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3262526                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           891                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           772                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2655                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                3427                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts            148986593                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30388991                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4630                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    38401245                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6675037                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   8012254                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.864335                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                     147602305                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                    147601484                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                112299196                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                183979029                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.847003                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610391                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          73227                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             2862                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     79734372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.850606                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.766197                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     42975911     53.90%     53.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10455323     13.11%     67.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4585929      5.75%     72.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4775789      5.99%     78.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3841157      4.82%     83.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1388587      1.74%     85.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       831191      1.04%     86.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       736239      0.92%     87.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10144246     12.72%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     79734372                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            99798787                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps             147556898                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      37007589                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                     28998635                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   6671989                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  60309122                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 98335203                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              608501                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76867168     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33681709     22.83%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20553015     13.93%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5367028      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8445620      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2641926      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total        147556898                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events             10144246                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   217220251                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  295272433                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            670                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         167690                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   99798787                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                    147556898                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.800752                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.800752                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.248826                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.248826                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               166198508                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               75242935                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                104250687                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                56103293                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 26393208                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                31942813                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               54989152                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           432760                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.491267                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           28965842                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           433272                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.853713                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        304882812                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   510.491267                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.997053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          279                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         59988124                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        59988124                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     20888689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20888689                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      7754852                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7754852                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     28643541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        28643541                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     28643541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       28643541                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       879775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       879775                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       254110                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254110                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1133885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1133885                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1133885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1133885                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13324340988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13324340988                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4477479372                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4477479372                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17801820360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17801820360                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17801820360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17801820360                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     21768464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21768464                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8008962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8008962                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     29777426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29777426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     29777426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29777426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040415                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031728                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031728                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038079                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038079                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15145.168922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15145.168922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17620.240730                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17620.240730                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15699.846422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15699.846422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15699.846422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15699.846422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1579                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   131.583333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       394930                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           394930                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       475981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       475981                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       476243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       476243                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       476243                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       476243                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       403794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       403794                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       253848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       253848                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       657642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       657642                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       657642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       657642                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6851725416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6851725416                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4137547644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4137547644                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10989273060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10989273060                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10989273060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10989273060                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031695                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031695                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16968.368564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16968.368564                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16299.311572                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16299.311572                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16710.114409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16710.114409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16710.114409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16710.114409                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              670                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          492.129194                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           11340515                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          9676.207338                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   492.129194                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.961190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22685214                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        22685214                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     11340520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11340520                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     11340520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        11340520                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     11340520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       11340520                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    145221633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145221633                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    145221633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    145221633                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    145221633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    145221633                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     11342019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11342019                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     11342019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     11342019                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     11342019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     11342019                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96879.008005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96879.008005                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96879.008005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96879.008005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96879.008005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96879.008005                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          646                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    71.777778                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          670                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              670                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    116227656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116227656                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    116227656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116227656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    116227656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116227656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98833.040816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98833.040816                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98833.040816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98833.040816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98833.040816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98833.040816                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2.tags.replacements               279282                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4017.652076                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l2.tags.total_refs                 809014                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283378                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.854893                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1842681474                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.224600                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    49.688892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  3965.738583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.012131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.968198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980872                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          775                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9022522                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l2.tags.data_accesses             9022522                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       394930                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       394930                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          667                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          667                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data       224213                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224213                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data         6930                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             6930                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           95                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            95                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       144317                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144317                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              95                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data          151247                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::total              151342                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             95                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data         151247                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::total             151342                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.conversionMisses                809014                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.l2.NumberOfConversion        69035863.390762                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data        22777                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22777                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       259405                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259405                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          1077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data        282182                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::total            283259                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data       282182                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::total           283259                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2638490202                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2638490202                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    113844042                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    113844042                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5464007523                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5464007523                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    113844042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8102497725                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8216341767                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    113844042                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8102497725                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8216341767                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       394930                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       394930                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          667                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          667                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data       224213                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224213                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        29707                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29707                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1172                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1172                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       403722                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       403722                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst         1172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       433429                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::total          434601                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         1172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       433429                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::total         434601                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.766722                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.766722                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.918942                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.918942                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.642534                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642534                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.918942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.651045                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.651768                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.918942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.651045                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.651768                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 115840.110726                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115840.110726                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105704.774373                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105704.774373                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21063.616827                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21063.616827                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105704.774373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28713.729880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29006.463226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105704.774373                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28713.729880                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29006.463226                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.writebacks::writebacks          277950                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2.writebacks::total               277950                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       259405                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259405                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       282182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       282182                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2547473310                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2547473310                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    109540350                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109540350                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4427425143                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4427425143                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    109540350                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6974898453                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7084438803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    109540350                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6974898453                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7084438803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.766722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766722                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.918942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.918942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.642534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642534                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.918942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.651045                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651768                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.918942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.651045                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651768                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111844.110726                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111844.110726                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101708.774373                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101708.774373                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17067.616827                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17067.616827                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101708.774373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24717.729880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25010.463226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101708.774373                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24717.729880                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25010.463226                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1092405                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       657796                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          625                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          624                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       404898                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       672880                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          670                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39319                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224213                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224213                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        29707                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        29707                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1176                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       403722                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side         3018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side      1748201                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1751219                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side       117888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side     53014976                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53132864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoops                     279286                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17789056                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       938100                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000684                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026192                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            937459     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               640      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        938100                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     627240465                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1175156                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    507658500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                6697944                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          6697944                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect             2700                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             6038894                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 610608                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect               583                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups        6038894                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits           4371529                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses         1667365                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1811                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                        79914068                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34162913                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                     100063067                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    6697944                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           4982137                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     45570746                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                   7436                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1374                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                 11368313                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2032                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          79738954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.855734                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.110453                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                55349774     69.41%     69.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                 1586236      1.99%     71.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                 1846974      2.32%     73.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1891378      2.37%     76.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1641863      2.06%     78.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                 1676904      2.10%     80.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1313226      1.65%     81.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                 1272171      1.60%     83.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                13160428     16.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            79738954                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.083814                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       1.252133                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                24580953                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             32522425                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 19177489                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles              3454369                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                  3718                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts             147958878                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                  3718                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                26618084                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                8871773                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles           784                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 20401303                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles             23843292                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts             147949437                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                   54                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents               5493121                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents              16382701                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.SQFullEvents                685238                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands          163645591                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            348540390                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       163703086                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104643224                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps            163550553                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                   94906                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                19                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts            17                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                 25476360                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            29048675                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            8024922                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6831473                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1543126                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147933406                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                462                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                149295129                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              124                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          73695                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        84039                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           410                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     79738954                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.872299                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.856588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24531178     30.76%     30.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15396343     19.31%     50.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15371716     19.28%     69.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9505483     11.92%     81.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6515983      8.17%     89.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4234000      5.31%     94.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2541962      3.19%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             985111      1.24%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             657178      0.82%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       79738954                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  48123      5.82%      5.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               109814     13.28%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                575664     69.63%     88.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1146      0.14%     88.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            91960     11.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               8      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              907      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             77058865     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33785029     22.63%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20578874     13.78%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5375734      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9848854      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2646764      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total             149295129                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          1.868196                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     826715                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005537                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         255172379                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87498706                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87406108                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123983665                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60509712                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60498762                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              88019091                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses               62101846                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7234561                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12503                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          104                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          884                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6306                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382257                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           49                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3718                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                1125534                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles              4968957                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147933868                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2254                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29048675                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8024922                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               169                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 95543                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              4785309                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           884                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           774                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2649                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                3423                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149290396                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30426933                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4726                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    38448847                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 6691382                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   8021914                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    1.868137                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                     147905732                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                    147904870                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                112519418                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                184430884                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      1.850799                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610090                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts          73879                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts             2878                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     79726820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.854584                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.768373                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     42902792     53.81%     53.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10474766     13.14%     66.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4593646      5.76%     72.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4786070      6.00%     78.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3831921      4.81%     83.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1392998      1.75%     85.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       834623      1.05%     86.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       740653      0.93%     87.24% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10169351     12.76%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     79726820                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts           100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps             147860059                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      37054773                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                     29036158                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   6688311                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                  60494441                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 98477176                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              609425                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        77022312     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33782542     22.85%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20571030     13.91%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5372066      3.63%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8465128      5.73%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2646549      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total        147860059                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events             10169351                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   217491407                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  295880230                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            673                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                         175114                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                    147860059                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              0.799141                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        0.799141                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              1.251344                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        1.251344                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               166398372                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               75339545                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                104635130                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                56277310                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_reads                 26458487                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_writes                31981155                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads               55078835                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           433293                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.524764                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           29012261                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           433805                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.878577                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        281529855                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   510.524764                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.997119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          271                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60090975                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60090975                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     20925347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20925347                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      7763943                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7763943                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     28689290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        28689290                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     28689290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       28689290                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       884624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       884624                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       254671                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254671                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1139295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       1139295                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1139295                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      1139295                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  13349232405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13349232405                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4312272743                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4312272743                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  17661505148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17661505148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  17661505148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17661505148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     21809971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21809971                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      8018614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8018614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     29828585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29828585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     29828585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29828585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.040561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.031760                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031760                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.038195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.038195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15090.289665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15090.289665                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16932.720031                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16932.720031                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15502.135222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15502.135222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15502.135222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15502.135222                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1431                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   102.214286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       395484                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           395484                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       480334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       480334                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       480604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       480604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       480604                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       480604                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       404290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       254401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       254401                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       658691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       658691                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       658691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       658691                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6862917546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6862917546                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3971558465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3971558465                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  10834476011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10834476011                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  10834476011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10834476011                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.031726                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031726                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16975.234475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16975.234475                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15611.410588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15611.410588                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16448.495594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16448.495594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16448.495594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16448.495594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              669                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          493.573903                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           11366820                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1173                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          9690.383632                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   493.573903                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.964012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22737803                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        22737803                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     11366824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11366824                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     11366824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        11366824                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     11366824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       11366824                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         1489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1489                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1489                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    150993855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150993855                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    150993855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    150993855                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    150993855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    150993855                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11368313                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     11368313                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     11368313                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101406.215581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101406.215581                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101406.215581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101406.215581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101406.215581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101406.215581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1218                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   243.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          669                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              669                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120942936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120942936                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120942936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120942936                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120942936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120942936                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102755.255735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102755.255735                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102755.255735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102755.255735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102755.255735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102755.255735                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2.tags.replacements               279769                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4018.620891                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l2.tags.total_refs                 810122                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283865                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.853899                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1804680513                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.365196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    49.201800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  3968.053896                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.012012                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.968763                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.981109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          793                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9035769                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l2.tags.data_accesses             9035769                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       395484                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       395484                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          667                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          667                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data       224720                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224720                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data         6989                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             6989                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           97                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            97                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data       144312                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144312                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              97                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data          151301                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::total              151398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             97                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data         151301                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::total             151398                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.conversionMisses                810122                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.l2.NumberOfConversion        69130412.726913                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          1076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data        282671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::total            283747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data       282671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::total           283747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2468942253                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2468942253                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118549998                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    118549998                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5474488365                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5474488365                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118549998                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7943430618                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8061980616                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118549998                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7943430618                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8061980616                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       395484                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       395484                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          667                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          667                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data       224720                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224720                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        29763                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29763                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         1173                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1173                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       404209                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404209                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst         1173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data       433972                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::total          435145                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         1173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data       433972                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::total         435145                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.765178                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.765178                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.917306                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.642977                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642977                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651358                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.652075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651358                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.652075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 108410.567006                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108410.567006                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 110176.578067                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110176.578067                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21064.069093                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21064.069093                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 110176.578067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28101.328463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28412.566885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 110176.578067                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28101.328463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28412.566885                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2.writebacks::total               278434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       282671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       282671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2377937349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2377937349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114250302                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114250302                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4435939953                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4435939953                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114250302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6813877302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6928127604                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114250302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6813877302                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6928127604                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.765178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.765178                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.642977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651358                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.652075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651358                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.652075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 104414.567006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104414.567006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 106180.578067                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106180.578067                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17068.069093                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17068.069093                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 106180.578067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24105.328463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24416.566885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 106180.578067                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24105.328463                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24416.566885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1093998                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       658845                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           14                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          626                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          625                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405386                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       673918                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          669                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39311                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224720                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224720                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        29763                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        29763                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404209                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side         3019                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side      1750844                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1753863                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side       117888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side     53085184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53203072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoops                     279773                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17820032                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       939638                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000682                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026150                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            938998     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               639      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        939638                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     628139232                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1176155                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    508370120                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                6686102                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          6686102                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect             2741                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             6027844                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 609931                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect               588                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups        6027844                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits           4363529                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses         1664315                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1835                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                        79914068                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34105467                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      99915745                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    6686102                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           4973460                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     45632121                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                   7482                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 175                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1348                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                 11349086                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2056                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          79742859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.852858                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.114746                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                55397681     69.47%     69.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                 1668067      2.09%     71.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                 1840878      2.31%     73.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 1973523      2.47%     76.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                 1460789      1.83%     78.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                 1588857      1.99%     80.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 1314747      1.65%     81.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                 1180683      1.48%     83.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                13317634     16.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            79742859                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.083666                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.250290                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                24590597                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             32588643                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 18979723                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              3580155                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                  3741                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             147736992                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                  3741                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                26680874                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                7344366                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles          1171                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 20289108                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles             25423599                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             147727475                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                   51                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents               5408690                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents              17937726                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents                781881                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          163419961                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            348000793                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       163557054                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104361911                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            163324839                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                   95012                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                19                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts            17                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 26703473                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads            29021057                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            8017743                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6817845                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores         1542905                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147711368                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                484                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                149072918                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              143                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          73401                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        84542                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           432                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     79742859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.869420                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.857476                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24612411     30.86%     30.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15396001     19.31%     50.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15366548     19.27%     69.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9443859     11.84%     81.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6498465      8.15%     89.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4245472      5.32%     94.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2530691      3.17%     97.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             988418      1.24%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             660994      0.83%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       79742859                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  47953      5.83%      5.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               109773     13.34%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                572487     69.59%     88.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1057      0.13%     88.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            91375     11.11%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              10      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              925      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76945446     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33711226     22.61%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20565613     13.80%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5371918      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9834318      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2643370      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             149072918                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.865415                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     822655                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005518                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         255000406                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87412353                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87319770                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123711087                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60373758                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60363158                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              87929527                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61965121                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7235006                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12328                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          101                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          888                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6198                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382022                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           51                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3741                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                1119148                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3466776                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147711852                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2191                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29021057                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8017743                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               176                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 98495                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3282265                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           888                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           778                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2700                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                3478                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149068132                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30399169                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4786                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    38413871                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 6679427                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   8014702                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.865355                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     147683752                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    147682928                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                112411596                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                184156161                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.848022                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610415                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts          73564                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts             2899                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     79730746                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.851712                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.767614                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     42972086     53.90%     53.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10453122     13.11%     67.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4588310      5.75%     72.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4774774      5.99%     78.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3815538      4.79%     83.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1396369      1.75%     85.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       832603      1.04%     86.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       738870      0.93%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10159074     12.74%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     79730746                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            99852855                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             147638361                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                      37020240                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                     29008697                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   6676381                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                  60358962                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 98373300                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              608748                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76908863     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33708826     22.83%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20557844     13.92%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5368376      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8450853      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2643167      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total        147638361                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events             10159074                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   217283597                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  295436161                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                            674                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                         171209                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   99852855                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    147638361                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.800318                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.800318                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              1.249503                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        1.249503                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               166251567                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               75268931                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                104354169                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                56150056                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                 26410849                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes                31953159                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads               55013115                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           433758                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.488738                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           28973297                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           434270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.717243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        304945749                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   510.488738                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.997048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60021330                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60021330                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data     20894005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20894005                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      7757050                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7757050                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data     28651055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        28651055                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data     28651055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       28651055                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       887978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       887978                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       254497                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254497                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1142475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       1142475                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1142475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      1142475                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13348896408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13348896408                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4351186457                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4351186457                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  17700082865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17700082865                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  17700082865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17700082865                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data     21781983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21781983                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      8011547                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8011547                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data     29793530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29793530                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data     29793530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29793530                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.040767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040767                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031766                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031766                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.038346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038346                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.038346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038346                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15032.913437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15032.913437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17097.201370                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17097.201370                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15492.752896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15492.752896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15492.752896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15492.752896                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1224                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    94.153846                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       395859                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           395859                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       483366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       483366                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          321                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       483687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       483687                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       483687                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       483687                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       404612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404612                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       254176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       254176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       658788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       658788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       658788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       658788                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6859271196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6859271196                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4010475842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4010475842                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  10869747038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10869747038                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  10869747038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10869747038                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031726                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031726                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16952.713207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16952.713207                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15778.341944                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15778.341944                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16499.612983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16499.612983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16499.612983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16499.612983                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              659                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          493.550034                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           11347596                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          9757.176268                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   493.550034                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.963965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22699339                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        22699339                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     11347596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11347596                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     11347596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        11347596                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     11347596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       11347596                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst         1490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          1490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         1490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    146642544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146642544                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    146642544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146642544                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    146642544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146642544                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     11349086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11349086                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     11349086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     11349086                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     11349086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     11349086                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 98417.814765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98417.814765                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 98417.814765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 98417.814765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 98417.814765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 98417.814765                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          315                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           45                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks          659                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total              659                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    117549000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117549000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    117549000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117549000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    117549000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117549000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 100727.506427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100727.506427                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 100727.506427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100727.506427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 100727.506427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100727.506427                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2.tags.replacements               279492                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4017.607202                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l2.tags.total_refs                 810994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283588                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.859761                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1834229601                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.383861                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    49.472422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  3966.750919                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.012078                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.968445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980861                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          791                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9040268                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l2.tags.data_accesses             9040268                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       395859                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       395859                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          656                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          656                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data       224291                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224291                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data         7208                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             7208                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst           87                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            87                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data       144895                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144895                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              87                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data          152103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::total              152190                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             87                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data         152103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::total             152190                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.conversionMisses                810994                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.l2.NumberOfConversion        69204823.395798                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data        22779                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22779                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data       259615                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259615                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          1076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data        282394                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::total            283470                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data       282394                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::total           283470                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2509270218                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2509270218                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    115216002                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    115216002                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5467848345                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5467848345                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    115216002                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7977118563                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8092334565                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    115216002                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7977118563                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8092334565                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       395859                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       395859                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          656                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          656                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data       224291                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224291                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        29987                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29987                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         1163                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1163                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       404510                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404510                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst         1163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data       434497                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::total          435660                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         1163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       434497                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::total         435660                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.759629                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.759629                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925193                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.925193                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.641801                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.641801                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.650668                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.650668                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 110157.171869                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110157.171869                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 107078.068773                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107078.068773                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21061.372975                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21061.372975                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 107078.068773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28248.187153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28547.410890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 107078.068773                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28248.187153                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28547.410890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l2.writebacks::total               278158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22779                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22779                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       259615                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259615                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       282394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283470                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       282394                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283470                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2418245334                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2418245334                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    110916306                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110916306                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4430434797                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4430434797                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    110916306                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6848680131                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6959596437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    110916306                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6848680131                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6959596437                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.759629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.759629                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.641801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641801                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650668                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650668                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 106161.171869                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106161.171869                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 103082.068773                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103082.068773                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17065.403759                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17065.403759                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 103082.068773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24252.215454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24551.439084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 103082.068773                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24252.215454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24551.439084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1094597                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       658929                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          629                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          628                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405675                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       674017                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          659                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39459                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224291                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224291                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        29987                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        29987                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1167                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404510                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side         2989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side      1751557                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1754546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side       116608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side     53142656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53259264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoops                     279497                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17802368                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       939448                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000688                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026254                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            938803     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               644      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        939448                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     628581789                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1166165                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    508749408                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                6686172                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted          6686172                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect             2692                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups             6027941                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                 609942                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect               582                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups        6027941                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits           4363694                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses         1664247                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1800                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                        79914068                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34106604                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                      99916558                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                    6686172                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches           4973636                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                     45634626                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                   7350                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 151                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1128                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                 11349246                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2073                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples          79746191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.852796                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.114491                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                55383117     69.45%     69.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                 1682550      2.11%     71.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                 1854025      2.32%     73.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                 1967140      2.47%     76.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                 1464422      1.84%     78.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                 1584916      1.99%     80.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                 1308171      1.64%     81.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                 1184657      1.49%     83.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                13317193     16.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total            79746191                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.083667                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       1.250300                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                24584909                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles             32595467                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                 18995359                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles              3566781                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                  3675                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts             147738483                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                  3675                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                26694001                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                7318915                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles          1082                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                 20286217                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles             25442301                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts             147729154                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.ROBFullEvents                   73                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents               5345802                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LQFullEvents              17919108                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu3.rename.SQFullEvents                886668                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands          163421448                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups            348005034                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups       163558058                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104364415                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps            163326750                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                   94625                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                20                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts            18                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                 26723727                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads            29021329                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores            8017855                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6818841                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores         1566787                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147713138                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                478                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                149074896                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              113                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          73279                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        83647                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           426                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     79746191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.869367                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.855612                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24585516     30.83%     30.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15406802     19.32%     50.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15361564     19.26%     69.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9498174     11.91%     81.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6471403      8.11%     89.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4252988      5.33%     94.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2534432      3.18%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             989196      1.24%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             646116      0.81%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       79746191                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  48191      5.77%      5.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               111121     13.30%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                583299     69.82%     88.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1098      0.13%     89.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            91745     10.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               7      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              886      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76946343     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33711959     22.61%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20565725     13.80%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5372031      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9834444      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2643406      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total             149074896                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          1.865440                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     835461                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005604                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         255015744                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87412901                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87320529                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123715809                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60374857                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60364474                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses              87940899                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61968572                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7239085                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12424                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           84                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          893                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6255                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382030                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           82                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3675                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                1084102                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3465590                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147713616                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2146                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29021329                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8017855                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               175                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 97673                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3284863                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           893                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           777                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2609                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                3386                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149070196                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30399427                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4696                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                    38414271                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                 6679541                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                   8014844                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    1.865381                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                     147685822                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                    147685003                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                112361649                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                184098694                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      1.848048                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610334                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts          73432                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts             2827                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     79734174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.851656                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.766666                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     42955797     53.87%     53.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10461484     13.12%     66.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4588262      5.75%     72.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4777294      5.99%     78.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3842182      4.82%     83.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1389546      1.74%     85.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       832613      1.04%     86.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       737728      0.93%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10149268     12.73%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     79734174                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts            99854120                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps             147640266                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                      37020501                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                     29008901                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                   6676480                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                  60360213                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                 98374116                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls              608754                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76909843     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33709490     22.83%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20557918     13.92%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5368401      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8450983      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2643199      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total        147640266                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events             10149268                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                   217298604                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                  295439583                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                            662                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                         167877                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   99854120                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                    147640266                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              0.800308                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        0.800308                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              1.249519                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        1.249519                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads               166253177                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes               75269526                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_reads                104356843                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                56151305                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_reads                 26411236                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_writes                31953223                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads               55013829                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           433668                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.510333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           28974074                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           434180                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.732862                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        303136893                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   510.510333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.997090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997090                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60013660                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60013660                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data     20894632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20894632                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data      7757146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7757146                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data     28651778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        28651778                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data     28651778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       28651778                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       883500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       883500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data       254462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254462                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data      1137962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       1137962                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data      1137962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      1137962                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  13346594712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13346594712                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4443080804                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4443080804                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data  17789675516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17789675516                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data  17789675516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17789675516                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data     21778132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21778132                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data      8011608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8011608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data     29789740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29789740                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data     29789740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29789740                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.040568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040568                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.031762                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031762                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.038200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.038200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15106.502221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15106.502221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17460.684912                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17460.684912                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15632.925806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15632.925806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15632.925806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15632.925806                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1735                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               18                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    96.388889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       395781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           395781                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       478922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       478922                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          320                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       479242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       479242                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       479242                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       479242                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       404578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404578                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       254142                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       254142                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       658720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       658720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       658720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       658720                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6862486977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6862486977                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4102462763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4102462763                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  10964949740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10964949740                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  10964949740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10964949740                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.018577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.031722                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031722                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16962.086364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16962.086364                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16142.403707                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16142.403707                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16645.843059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16645.843059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16645.843059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16645.843059                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              675                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          492.139170                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           11347741                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1177                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          9641.241291                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   492.139170                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.961209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961209                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22699673                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        22699673                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst     11347747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11347747                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst     11347747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        11347747                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst     11347747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       11347747                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst         1499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         1499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    146439081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146439081                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    146439081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146439081                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    146439081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146439081                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     11349246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11349246                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst     11349246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     11349246                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst     11349246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     11349246                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 97691.181454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97691.181454                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 97691.181454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97691.181454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 97691.181454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97691.181454                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          465                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    66.428571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    118393155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118393155                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    118393155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118393155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    118393155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118393155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 100248.226080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100248.226080                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 100248.226080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100248.226080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 100248.226080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100248.226080                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2.tags.replacements               279505                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4018.352869                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l2.tags.total_refs                 810855                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283601                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.859140                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1831506327                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.266059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    49.676172                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  3966.410638                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.012128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.968362                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.981043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          791                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9039257                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l2.tags.data_accesses             9039257                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       395781                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       395781                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          672                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          672                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data       224314                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224314                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data         7154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             7154                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           99                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            99                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data       144850                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144850                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst              99                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data          152004                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::total              152103                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst             99                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data         152004                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::total             152103                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.conversionMisses                810855                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.l2.NumberOfConversion        69192962.062111                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data       259628                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259628                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          1078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data        282402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::total            283480                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data       282402                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::total           283480                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2600823240                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2600823240                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    115984566                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    115984566                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   5469115077                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5469115077                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    115984566                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   8069938317                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8185922883                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    115984566                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   8069938317                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8185922883                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       395781                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       395781                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          672                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          672                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data       224314                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224314                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data        29928                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29928                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         1177                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1177                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       404478                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404478                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data       434406                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::total          435583                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst         1177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data       434406                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::total         435583                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.760960                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.760960                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915888                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.915888                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.641884                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.641884                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.650806                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.650806                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 114201.424431                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114201.424431                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 107592.361781                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107592.361781                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 21065.197425                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21065.197425                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 107592.361781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 28576.066448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28876.544670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 107592.361781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 28576.066448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28876.544670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l2.writebacks::total               278171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       259628                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259628                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       282402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       282402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283480                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2509818336                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2509818336                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111676878                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111676878                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4431641589                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4431641589                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111676878                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6941459925                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7053136803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111676878                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6941459925                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7053136803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.760960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760960                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.915888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.641884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641884                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650806                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650806                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 110205.424431                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110205.424431                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103596.361781                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103596.361781                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17069.197425                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17069.197425                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103596.361781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 24580.066448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24880.544670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103596.361781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 24580.066448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24880.544670                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1094470                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       658879                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           17                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          627                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          626                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405659                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       673952                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          675                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39447                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224314                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224314                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        29928                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        29928                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1181                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404478                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side         3033                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side      1751334                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1754367                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side       118528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side     53131968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53250496                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoops                     279509                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17803200                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       939406                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000687                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026235                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            938762     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               643      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        939406                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     628498206                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1180151                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    508668156                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.replacements                         1                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 84457.340342                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                     2153377                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                     96137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                     22.399045                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      1007.687634                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     20093.371519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      1005.106612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     20131.624288                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst      1004.698031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     20104.366542                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst      1006.851212                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     20103.634504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.007688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.153300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.007668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.153592                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.007665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.153384                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.007682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.153379                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.644358                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         96136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        96136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.733459                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                  36088361                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                 36088361                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1112713                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1112713                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data                 3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        259214                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data        259702                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data        259425                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data        259440                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1037801                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu0.data               259219                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu1.data               259707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu2.data               259430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu3.data               259443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                  1037819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu0.data              259219                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu1.data              259707                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu2.data              259430                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu3.data              259443                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                 1037819                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.conversionMisses                          0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.l3.ConversionWrtBack                         0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.l3.NumberOfConversion                        0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           22772                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           22769                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data           22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           22771                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total               91086                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1072                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          191                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1071                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          195                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1071                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data          190                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1073                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data          188                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5051                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu0.data              22963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               1071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu1.data              22964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               1071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu2.data              22964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               1073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu3.data              22959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                  96137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              1072                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu0.data             22963                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              1071                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu1.data             22964                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              1071                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu2.data             22964                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              1073                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu3.data             22959                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total                 96137                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2441075814                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2271544515                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2311773246                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2403437157                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    9427830732                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    104454774                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     22183128                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109168389                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     22224753                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    105834726                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     21302676                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    106585308                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     22702275                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    514456029                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    104454774                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2463258942                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109168389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2293769268                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    105834726                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2333075922                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    106585308                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2426139432                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       9942286761                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    104454774                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2463258942                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109168389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2293769268                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    105834726                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2333075922                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    106585308                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2426139432                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      9942286761                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1112713                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1112713                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         22777                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         22774                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data         22779                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data         22774                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total             91104                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       259405                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         1076                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       259615                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       259628                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1042852                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           282182                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             1076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           282671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             1076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu2.data           282394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             1078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu3.data           282402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total              1133956                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          282182                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            1076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          282671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            1076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu2.data          282394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            1078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu3.data          282402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total             1133956                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999868                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999802                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995357                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000736                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000750                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995353                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000732                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995362                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000724                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.004843                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.995357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.081377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.995353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.081239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.995353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.081319                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.995362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.081299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.084780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.995357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.081377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.995353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.081239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.995353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.081319                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.995362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.081299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.084780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107196.373353                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99764.790505                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101509.319663                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 105548.160248                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103504.717871                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97439.154851                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 116142.031414                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101931.268908                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 113973.092308                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 98818.605042                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 112119.347368                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99333.931034                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 120756.781915                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101852.312215                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97439.154851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107270.780908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101931.268908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99885.441038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 98818.605042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101597.105121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99333.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 105672.696198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103417.901131                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97439.154851                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107270.780908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101931.268908                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99885.441038                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 98818.605042                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101597.105121                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99333.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 105672.696198                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103417.901131                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22772                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22769                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22771                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          91086                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1072                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          191                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1071                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          195                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1071                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          190                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1073                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          188                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         5051                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         22963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          1071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         22964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          1071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         22964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          1073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         22959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             96137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            96137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2164339349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1994814369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2034962465                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2126702204                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8320818387                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     91426386                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19862504                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96150964                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     19854742                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     92819180                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     18994119                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     93546589                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     20418385                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    453072869                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     91426386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2184201853                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96150964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2014669111                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     92819180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2053956584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     93546589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2147120589                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8773891256                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     91426386                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2184201853                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96150964                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2014669111                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     92819180                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2053956584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     93546589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2147120589                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8773891256                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.081319                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.081299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.084780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.081319                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.081299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.084780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95043.884990                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87610.978480                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89354.635330                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 93395.204602                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91351.232758                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85285.807836                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103992.167539                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89776.810458                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 101819.189744                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 86665.901027                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 99969.047368                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87182.282386                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 108608.430851                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89699.637498                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85285.807836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95118.314375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89776.810458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87731.628244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 86665.901027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89442.457063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87182.282386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 93519.778257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91264.458596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85285.807836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95118.314375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89776.810458                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87731.628244                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 86665.901027                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89442.457063                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87182.282386                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 93519.778257                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91264.458596                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         96137                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5051                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             91086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            91086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5051                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        96190                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        96084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total       192274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 192274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      3078080                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      3074688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total      6152768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6152768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             96137                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   96137    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               96137                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy            72442675                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer9.occupancy            72306142                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer9.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          521798301                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2249514                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1115558                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              1                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26611384311                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1042850                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1112713                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2846                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            91104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           91104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1042852                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       845179                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       846641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       845806                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       845842                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count::total               3383468                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35917376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35979584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35944064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35945664                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size::total              143786688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                               1                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                         0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1133957                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000001                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.000939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                1133956    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total            1133957                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1119621591                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy         188698302                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer1.occupancy         189006710                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer2.occupancy         188822224                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer3.occupancy         188849140                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
