
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.027437                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 27436789413                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                27436789413                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 169699                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   250911                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11654873                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8678196                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2354.10                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   399489335                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     590670866                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         33920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu0.data        734464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         34688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu1.data        735232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         34496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu2.data        735424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         34560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu3.data        735232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           3078016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        33920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        34688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        34496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        34560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       137664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu0.inst            530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu0.data          11476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu1.inst            542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu1.data          11488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu2.inst            539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu2.data          11491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu3.inst            540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu3.data          11488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              48094                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu0.inst          1236296                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu0.data         26769313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu1.inst          1264288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu1.data         26797304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu2.inst          1257290                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu2.data         26804302                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu3.inst          1259623                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu3.data         26797304                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            112185721                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1236296                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      1264288                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      1257290                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      1259623                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         5017497                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu0.inst         1236296                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu0.data        26769313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu1.inst         1264288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu1.data        26797304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu2.inst         1257290                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu2.data        26804302                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu3.inst         1259623                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu3.data        26797304                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           112185721                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      48094                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    48094                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               3078016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                3078016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             2803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             3068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             3124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             3210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             3223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             3285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             3343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             3262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             3276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             2951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            2820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            2818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            2792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            2741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            2676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            2702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  16098066486                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                48094                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  26836                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  14733                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   5564                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                     42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        24829                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   123.968585                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.031918                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   172.931397                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17962     72.34%     72.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4822     19.42%     91.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          223      0.90%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          414      1.67%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          580      2.34%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          226      0.91%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           39      0.16%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           24      0.10%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          539      2.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        24829                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1381442674                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2283205174                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 240470000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    28723.80                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               47473.80                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      112.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   112.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   23265                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                48.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    334720.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   48.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                94762080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                50367240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              180770520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        316539600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy           428315100                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy            19036800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy     1286231790                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy       54772800                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy      5640723420                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy            8071519350                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           294.185994                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         15121426850                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5037233                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    133954000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  23484606663                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    142605393                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    849697765                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2820888359                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                82516980                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                43858815                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              162620640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        288266160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy           388150620                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy            16077600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy     1157385570                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy       54167520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy      5733560940                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy            7926604845                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           288.904236                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         15210466796                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5388243                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    122012000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  23864524913                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    141102940                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    765799221                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2537962096                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         34688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu0.data        735168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         33856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu1.data        734464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu2.data        734272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu3.data        734144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           3074688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        34688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        33856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       136640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu0.inst            542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu0.data          11487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu1.inst            529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu1.data          11476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu2.inst            532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu2.data          11473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu3.inst            532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu3.data          11471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              48042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu0.inst          1264288                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu0.data         26794972                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu1.inst          1233964                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu1.data         26769313                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu2.inst          1240962                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu2.data         26762315                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu3.inst          1240962                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu3.data         26757650                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            112064424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1264288                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      1233964                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      1240962                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      1240962                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         4980175                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu0.inst         1264288                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu0.data        26794972                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu1.inst         1233964                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu1.data        26769313                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu2.inst         1240962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu2.data        26762315                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu3.inst         1240962                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu3.data        26757650                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           112064424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      48042                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    48042                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               3074688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                3074688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             2793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             3070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             3122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             3201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             3223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             3265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             3346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             3257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             3283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             2941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            2817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            2832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            2795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            2730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            2682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            2685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  16100814381                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                48042                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  26791                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  14729                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   5667                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    733                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                     79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        24806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   123.949367                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.970784                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   173.071265                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17969     72.44%     72.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4813     19.40%     91.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          201      0.81%     92.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          409      1.65%     94.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          569      2.29%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          243      0.98%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           41      0.17%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           24      0.10%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          537      2.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        24806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1389099944                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2289887444                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 240210000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    28914.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               47664.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      112.06                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   112.06                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.88                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   23236                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                48.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    335140.39                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   48.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                94519320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                50238210                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              180477780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        317154240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy           427066800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy            19067520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy     1297426020                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy       49356960                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy      5638854420                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy            8074161270                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           294.282286                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         15124193856                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      4771965                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    134214000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  23476820413                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    128537333                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    847072890                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2845372812                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                82595520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                43900560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              162542100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        286422240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy           387447240                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy            15807360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy     1148752920                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy       56114880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy      5736874200                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy            7920457020                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           288.680163                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         15220268396                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5112789                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    121226000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  23880633413                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    146131555                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    764375129                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2519310527                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                6681147                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          6681147                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             2698                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             6023212                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 609697                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               578                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        6023212                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           4360332                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1662880                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1804                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        82392762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34081939                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      99856079                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    6681147                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4970029                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     48137096                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   7424                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1367                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                 11341273                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2079                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          82224307                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.795848                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.082552                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                57857211     70.37%     70.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 1699822      2.07%     72.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1851458      2.25%     74.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1979579      2.41%     77.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1448524      1.76%     78.85% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1599452      1.95%     80.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1299934      1.58%     82.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                 1176674      1.43%     83.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                13311653     16.19%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            82224307                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.081089                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.211952                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                24428268                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             35255519                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 18904238                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              3632570                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  3712                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             147646529                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  3712                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                26561535                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                9109909                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles           970                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 20247249                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             26300932                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             147636893                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  110                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               5421816                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents              18628452                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                981042                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          163327431                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            347780064                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       163498622                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104246436                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps            163231684                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   95637                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                20                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            18                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 26921467                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            29010033                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8015042                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6822617                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1554923                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147620809                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                472                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                148981992                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              122                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          74342                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        84569                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           420                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     82224307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.811897                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.852387                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26959098     32.79%     32.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15548583     18.91%     51.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15369214     18.69%     70.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9513372     11.57%     81.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6434593      7.83%     89.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4260576      5.18%     94.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2519194      3.06%     98.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             958967      1.17%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             660710      0.80%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       82224307                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  48076      5.72%      5.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               111913     13.32%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                591697     70.42%     89.46% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 4598      0.55%     90.01% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            83967      9.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               8      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              912      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76898849     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  75      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33680932     22.61%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20560244     13.80%     88.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5370574      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9828380      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2641998      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total             148981992                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.808193                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     840259                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005640                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         257433718                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87377833                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87284748                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123594954                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60318657                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60307475                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              87916551                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61904788                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7224572                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12619                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           99                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          898                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6411                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1381915                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           49                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3712                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                1834377                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              4453691                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147621281                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2202                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29010033                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8015042                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                100977                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              4264065                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           898                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           775                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2658                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                3433                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts            148977344                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30387854                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4648                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    38399832                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6674549                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   8011978                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.808136                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                     147593046                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                    147592223                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                112255949                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                183906583                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.791325                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610397                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          74551                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             2866                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     82212105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.794710                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.742540                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     45469307     55.31%     55.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10431746     12.69%     68.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4589238      5.58%     73.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4774098      5.81%     79.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3863876      4.70%     84.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1371783      1.67%     85.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       834317      1.01%     86.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       727908      0.89%     87.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10149832     12.35%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     82212105                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            99792126                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps             147546849                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      37006011                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                     28997382                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   6671452                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  60303007                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 98330458                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              608469                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76862022     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33678384     22.83%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20552419     13.93%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5366857      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8444963      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2641772      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total        147546849                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events             10149832                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   219683673                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  295255204                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            669                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         168455                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   99792126                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                    147546849                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.825644                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.825644                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.211176                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.211176                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               166192832                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               75240156                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                104238422                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                56097774                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 26391317                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                31941759                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               54986469                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           432879                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.536656                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           28974083                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           433391                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.854372                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        304882812                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   510.536656                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.997142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997142                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          284                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60013075                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60013075                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     20905136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20905136                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      7754494                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7754494                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     28659630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        28659630                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     28659630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       28659630                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       876080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       876080                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       254132                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254132                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1130212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1130212                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1130212                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1130212                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14904261819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14904261819                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5084857719                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5084857719                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19989119538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19989119538                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19989119538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19989119538                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     21781216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21781216                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8008626                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8008626                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     29789842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29789842                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     29789842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29789842                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040222                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031732                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037940                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037940                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17012.443862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17012.443862                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20008.726642                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20008.726642                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17686.168204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17686.168204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17686.168204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17686.168204                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1579                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   131.583333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       394955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           394955                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       472343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       472343                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          195                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          195                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       472538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       472538                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       472538                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       472538                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       403737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       403737                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       253937                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       253937                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       657674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       657674                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       657674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       657674                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7396008921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7396008921                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4744378206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4744378206                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12140387127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12140387127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12140387127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12140387127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031708                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031708                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022077                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022077                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18318.878183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18318.878183                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18683.288398                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18683.288398                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18459.581992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18459.581992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18459.581992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18459.581992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              670                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          492.095561                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           11339768                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          9675.569966                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   492.095561                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.961124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961124                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22683722                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        22683722                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     11339773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11339773                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     11339773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        11339773                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     11339773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       11339773                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    145459728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145459728                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    145459728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    145459728                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    145459728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    145459728                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     11341273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11341273                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     11341273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     11341273                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     11341273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     11341273                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96973.152000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96973.152000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96973.152000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96973.152000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96973.152000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96973.152000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          646                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    71.777778                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          670                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              670                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          324                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          324                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          324                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    116465751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116465751                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    116465751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116465751                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    116465751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116465751                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99035.502551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99035.502551                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99035.502551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99035.502551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99035.502551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99035.502551                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2.tags.replacements               279267                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4020.009085                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l2.tags.total_refs                 809132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283363                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.855461                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1842681474                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.217679                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    48.227795                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  3969.563612                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.011774                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.969132                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.981448                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          760                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3228                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9023347                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l2.tags.data_accesses             9023347                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       394955                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       394955                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          667                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          667                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data       224170                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224170                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data         7053                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             7053                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           95                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            95                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       144282                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144282                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              95                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data          151335                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::total              151430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             95                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data         151335                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::total             151430                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.conversionMisses                809132                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.l2.NumberOfConversion        69045932.724396                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data        22777                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22777                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       259392                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259392                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          1077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data        282169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::total            283246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data       282169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::total           283246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2638486539                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2638486539                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    114082470                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    114082470                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5464241289                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5464241289                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    114082470                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8102727828                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8216810298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    114082470                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8102727828                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8216810298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       394955                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       394955                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          667                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          667                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data       224170                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224170                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        29830                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29830                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1172                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1172                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       403674                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       403674                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst         1172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       433504                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::total          434676                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         1172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       433504                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::total         434676                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.763560                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.763560                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.918942                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.918942                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.642578                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642578                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.918942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.650903                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.651626                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.918942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.650903                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.651626                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 115839.949906                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115839.949906                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105926.155989                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105926.155989                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21065.573684                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21065.573684                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105926.155989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28715.868249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29009.448670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105926.155989                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28715.868249                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29009.448670                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.writebacks::writebacks          277935                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2.writebacks::total               277935                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       259392                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259392                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       282169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       282169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2547469647                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2547469647                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    109778778                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109778778                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4427718849                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4427718849                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    109778778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6975188496                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7084967274                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    109778778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6975188496                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7084967274                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.763560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.763560                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.918942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.918942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.642578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642578                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.918942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.650903                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651626                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.918942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.650903                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651626                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111843.949906                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111843.949906                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101930.155989                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101930.155989                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17069.604494                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17069.604494                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101930.155989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24719.896573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25013.476886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101930.155989                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24719.896573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25013.476886                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1092510                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       657826                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          625                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          624                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       404848                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       672890                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          670                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39367                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224170                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224170                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        29830                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        29830                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1176                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       403674                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side         3018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side      1748336                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1751354                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side       117888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side     53021248                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53139136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoops                     279271                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17788096                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       938117                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000684                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026192                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            937476     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               640      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        938117                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     627292080                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1174824                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    507717108                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                6698093                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          6698093                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect             2705                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             6039020                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 610630                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect               583                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups        6039020                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits           4371589                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses         1667431                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1811                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                        82392762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34163425                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                     100064160                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    6698093                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           4982219                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     48048920                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                   7450                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1374                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                 11368466                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2010                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          82217647                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.799811                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.079208                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                57798335     70.30%     70.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                 1614644      1.96%     72.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                 1860977      2.26%     74.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1886812      2.29%     76.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1629454      1.98%     78.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                 1693664      2.06%     80.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1309719      1.59%     82.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                 1257561      1.53%     83.99% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                13166481     16.01%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            82217647                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.081295                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       1.214478                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                24414536                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             35180707                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 19066636                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles              3552043                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                  3725                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts             147960390                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                  3725                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                26492083                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               10774381                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles           784                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 20353919                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles             24592755                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts             147950814                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                  103                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents               5587955                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents              17031039                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.SQFullEvents                685238                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands          163647083                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            348543562                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       163704654                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104643748                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps            163550553                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                   96398                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                19                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts            17                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                 25816282                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            29048834                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            8025068                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6832683                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1592334                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147934889                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                462                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                149296312                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              118                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          75178                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        84996                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           410                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     82217647                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.815867                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.851937                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26829835     32.63%     32.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15564403     18.93%     51.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15426434     18.76%     70.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9546545     11.61%     81.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6435916      7.83%     89.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4274660      5.20%     94.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2523391      3.07%     98.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             949608      1.15%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             666855      0.81%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       82217647                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  49087      5.79%      5.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.79% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               113342     13.36%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                597521     70.43%     89.57% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 4673      0.55%     90.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            83780      9.87%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               8      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              907      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             77059676     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33785134     22.63%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20578938     13.78%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5375849      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9848921      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2646785      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total             149296312                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          1.812008                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     848411                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005683                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         257678619                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87500889                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87407008                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123980174                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60510502                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60499039                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              88045726                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses               62098090                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7221171                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12662                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          101                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          884                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6452                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382259                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           49                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3725                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                1933252                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles              5978374                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147935351                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2304                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29048834                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8025068                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               169                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                100125                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              5783613                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           884                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           773                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2650                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                3423                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149291534                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30427047                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4771                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    38449086                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 6691458                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   8022039                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    1.811950                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                     147906907                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                    147906047                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                112472021                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                184362802                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      1.795134                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610058                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts          75380                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts             2883                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     82205319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.798668                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.743378                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     45373285     55.20%     55.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10452233     12.71%     67.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4597229      5.59%     73.50% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4789083      5.83%     79.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3892165      4.73%     84.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1376250      1.67%     85.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       837895      1.02%     86.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       728593      0.89%     87.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10158586     12.36%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     82205319                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts           100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps             147860059                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      37054773                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                     29036158                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   6688311                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                  60494441                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 98477176                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              609425                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        77022312     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33782542     22.85%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20571030     13.91%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5372066      3.63%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8465128      5.73%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2646549      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total        147860059                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events             10158586                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   219982172                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  295883427                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            673                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                         175115                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                    147860059                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              0.823928                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        0.823928                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              1.213699                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        1.213699                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               166399623                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               75340267                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                104635513                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                56277561                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_reads                 26458713                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_writes                31981393                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads               55079327                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           433368                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.569145                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           29027942                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           433880                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.903158                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        281529855                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   510.569145                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.997205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60118054                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60118054                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     20948855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20948855                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      7763854                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7763854                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     28712709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        28712709                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     28712709                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       28712709                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       874618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       874618                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       254760                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254760                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1129378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       1129378                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1129378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      1129378                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  14905032714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14905032714                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4924281455                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4924281455                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  19829314169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19829314169                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  19829314169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19829314169                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     21823473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21823473                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      8018614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8018614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     29842087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29842087                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     29842087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29842087                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.040077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040077                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.031771                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031771                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.037845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037845                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.037845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037845                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17041.763049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17041.763049                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19329.099761                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19329.099761                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17557.730157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17557.730157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17557.730157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17557.730157                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1431                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   102.214286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       395553                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           395553                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       470395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       470395                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          223                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       470618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       470618                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       470618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       470618                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       404223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404223                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       254537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       254537                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       658760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       658760                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       658760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       658760                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7401082509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7401082509                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4582707704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4582707704                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  11983790213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11983790213                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  11983790213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11983790213                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018522                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.031743                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031743                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18309.404732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18309.404732                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18004.092545                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18004.092545                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18191.435747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18191.435747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18191.435747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18191.435747                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              669                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          493.535858                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           11366973                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1173                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          9690.514066                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   493.535858                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.963937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963937                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22738109                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        22738109                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     11366977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11366977                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     11366977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        11366977                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     11366977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       11366977                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         1489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1489                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1489                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    151012503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151012503                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    151012503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151012503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    151012503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151012503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11368466                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     11368466                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     11368466                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101418.739422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101418.739422                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101418.739422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101418.739422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101418.739422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101418.739422                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1218                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   243.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          669                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              669                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120962583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120962583                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120962583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120962583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120962583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120962583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102771.948173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102771.948173                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102771.948173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102771.948173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102771.948173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102771.948173                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2.tags.replacements               279769                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4020.948755                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l2.tags.total_refs                 810245                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283865                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.854332                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1804680513                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.354584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    47.756451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  3971.837719                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000331                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.011659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.969687                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.981677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          776                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9036753                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l2.tags.data_accesses             9036753                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       395553                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       395553                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          667                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          667                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data       224735                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224735                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data         7097                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             7097                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           97                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            97                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data       144258                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144258                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              97                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data          151355                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::total              151452                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             97                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data         151355                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::total             151452                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.conversionMisses                810245                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.l2.NumberOfConversion        69140908.727226                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          1076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data        282671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::total            283747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data       282671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::total           283747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2468942253                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2468942253                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118549665                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    118549665                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5475881970                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5475881970                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118549665                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7944824223                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8063373888                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118549665                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7944824223                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8063373888                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       395553                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       395553                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          667                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          667                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data       224735                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224735                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        29871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29871                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         1173                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1173                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       404155                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404155                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst         1173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data       434026                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::total          435199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         1173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data       434026                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::total         435199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.762412                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.762412                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.917306                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.643063                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.643063                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.651994                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.651994                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 108410.567006                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108410.567006                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 110176.268587                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110176.268587                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21069.431236                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21069.431236                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 110176.268587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28106.258594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28417.477147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 110176.268587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28106.258594                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28417.477147                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2.writebacks::total               278434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       282671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       282671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2377937349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2377937349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114249969                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114249969                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4437333558                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4437333558                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114249969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6815270907                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6929520876                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114249969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6815270907                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6929520876                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.762412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.762412                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.643063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.643063                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651994                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651994                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 104414.567006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104414.567006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 106180.268587                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106180.268587                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17073.431236                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17073.431236                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 106180.268587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24110.258594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24421.477147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 106180.268587                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24110.258594                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24421.477147                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1094121                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       658914                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           14                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          626                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          625                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405332                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       673987                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          669                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39296                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224735                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224735                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        29871                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        29871                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404155                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side         3019                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side      1751036                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1754055                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side       117888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side     53093056                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53210944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoops                     279773                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17820032                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       939707                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000682                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026149                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            939067     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               639      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        939707                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     628226145                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1176487                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    508429061                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                6684398                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          6684398                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect             2735                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             6026243                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 609847                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect               590                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups        6026243                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits           4362371                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses         1663872                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1828                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                        82392762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34096924                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      99893979                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    6684398                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           4972218                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     48122130                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                   7478                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 175                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1348                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                 11346238                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2053                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          82224323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.796545                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.083000                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                57846366     70.35%     70.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                 1703864      2.07%     72.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                 1862910      2.27%     74.69% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 1960477      2.38%     77.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                 1447767      1.76%     78.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                 1606018      1.95%     80.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 1309994      1.59%     82.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                 1167953      1.42%     83.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                13318974     16.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            82224323                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.081128                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.212412                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                24406431                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             35273346                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 18850252                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              3690555                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                  3739                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             147704274                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                  3739                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                26548987                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                9255296                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles          1171                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 20224844                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles             26190286                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             147694576                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                   95                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents               5505603                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents              18588373                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents                781875                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          163386484                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            347920446                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       163536696                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104318314                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            163289553                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                   96908                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                19                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts            17                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 27119638                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads            29017039                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            8016870                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6817089                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores         1600552                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147678565                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                484                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                149039500                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              143                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          75359                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        86425                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           432                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     82224323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.812596                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.851941                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26899335     32.71%     32.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15567145     18.93%     51.65% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15457815     18.80%     70.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9493505     11.55%     81.99% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6372298      7.75%     89.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4304868      5.24%     94.98% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2518643      3.06%     98.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             934892      1.14%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             675822      0.82%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       82224323                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  48513      5.66%      5.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.66% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               115820     13.52%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                603012     70.41%     89.60% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 4678      0.55%     90.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            84365      9.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               6      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              924      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76928536     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33699754     22.61%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20563673     13.80%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5371517      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9832131      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2642863      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             149039500                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.808891                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     856394                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005746                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         257491553                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87401810                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87307370                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123668306                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60353465                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60342121                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              87951545                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61943425                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7220267                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12584                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          894                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6417                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1381982                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           51                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3739                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                1931318                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles              4472500                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147679049                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2253                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29017039                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8016870                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               176                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                101592                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              4278362                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           894                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           783                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2697                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                3480                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149034618                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30394992                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4881                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    38408768                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 6677647                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   8013776                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.808831                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     147650320                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    147649491                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                112331441                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                184036922                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.792020                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610374                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts          75507                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts             2893                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     82211961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.795404                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.740869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     45433048     55.26%     55.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10427136     12.68%     67.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4590629      5.58%     73.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4777926      5.81%     79.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3917807      4.77%     84.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1379431      1.68%     85.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       835489      1.02%     86.80% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       723781      0.88%     87.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10126714     12.32%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     82211961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            99829811                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             147603668                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                      37014903                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                     29004451                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   6674513                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                  60337626                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 98357200                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              608645                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76891109     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33697224     22.83%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20555814     13.93%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5367812      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8448637      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2642640      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total        147603668                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events             10126714                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   219764422                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  295370839                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                            672                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                         168439                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   99829811                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    147603668                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.825332                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.825332                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              1.211633                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        1.211633                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               166230314                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               75258745                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                104310190                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                56130299                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                 26403516                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes                31948933                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads               55003503                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           433726                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.534203                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           28989603                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           434238                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.759710                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        304945749                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   510.534203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.997137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60040324                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60040324                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data     20919146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20919146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      7756114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7756114                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data     28675260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        28675260                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data     28675260                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       28675260                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       873439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       873439                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       254344                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254344                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1127783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       1127783                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1127783                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      1127783                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  14909268141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14909268141                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4958184518                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4958184518                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  19867452659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19867452659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  19867452659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19867452659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data     21792585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21792585                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      8010458                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8010458                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data     29803043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29803043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data     29803043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29803043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.040080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040080                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031751                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031751                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.037841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037841                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.037841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037841                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17069.615784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17069.615784                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19494.010152                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19494.010152                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17616.378912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17616.378912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17616.378912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17616.378912                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1224                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    94.153846                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       395661                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           395661                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       468880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       468880                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          332                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       469212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       469212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       469212                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       469212                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       404559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404559                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       254012                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       254012                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       658571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       658571                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       658571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       658571                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7408242009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7408242009                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4615236143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4615236143                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  12023478152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12023478152                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  12023478152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12023478152                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018564                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031710                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031710                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18311.895197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18311.895197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18169.362640                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18169.362640                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18256.920138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18256.920138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18256.920138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18256.920138                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              659                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          493.509089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           11344749                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          9754.728289                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   493.509089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.963885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963885                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22693643                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        22693643                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     11344749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11344749                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     11344749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        11344749                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     11344749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       11344749                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst         1489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          1489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1489                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         1489                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    145117737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145117737                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    145117737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    145117737                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    145117737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    145117737                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     11346238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11346238                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     11346238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     11346238                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     11346238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     11346238                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97459.863667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97459.863667                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97459.863667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97459.863667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97459.863667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97459.863667                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          315                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           45                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks          659                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total              659                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    116084133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116084133                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    116084133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116084133                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    116084133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116084133                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 99472.264781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99472.264781                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 99472.264781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99472.264781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 99472.264781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99472.264781                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2.tags.replacements               279443                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4019.965562                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l2.tags.total_refs                 810748                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283539                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.859388                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1834229601                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.372909                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    48.019184                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  3970.573468                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.011723                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.969378                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.981437                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          774                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9037843                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l2.tags.data_accesses             9037843                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       395661                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       395661                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          656                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          656                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data       224156                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224156                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data         7216                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             7216                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst           87                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            87                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data       144856                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144856                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              87                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data          152072                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::total              152159                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             87                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data         152072                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::total             152159                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.conversionMisses                810748                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.l2.NumberOfConversion        69183831.395172                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data        22779                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22779                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data       259564                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259564                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          1076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data        282343                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::total            283419                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data       282343                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::total           283419                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2509209279                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2509209279                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    113729490                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    113729490                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5468211981                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5468211981                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    113729490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7977421260                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8091150750                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    113729490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7977421260                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8091150750                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       395661                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       395661                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          656                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          656                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data       224156                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224156                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        29995                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29995                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         1163                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1163                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       404420                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404420                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst         1163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data       434415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::total          435578                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         1163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       434415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::total         435578                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.759427                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.759427                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925193                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.925193                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.641818                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.641818                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649938                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.650673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649938                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.650673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 110154.496642                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110154.496642                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 105696.552045                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105696.552045                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21066.912133                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21066.912133                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 105696.552045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28254.361751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28548.370963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 105696.552045                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28254.361751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28548.370963                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l2.writebacks::total               278109                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22779                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22779                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       259564                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259564                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       282343                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283419                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       282343                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283419                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2418184395                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2418184395                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    109429794                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109429794                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4430994237                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4430994237                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    109429794                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6849178632                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6958608426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    109429794                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6849178632                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6958608426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.759427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.759427                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.641818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641818                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649938                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649938                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 106158.496642                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106158.496642                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 101700.552045                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101700.552045                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17070.912133                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17070.912133                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 101700.552045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24258.361751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24552.370963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 101700.552045                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24258.361751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24552.370963                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1094300                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       658714                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          629                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          628                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405587                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       673770                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          659                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39577                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224156                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224156                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        29995                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        29995                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1167                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404420                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side         2989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side      1751045                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1754034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side       116608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side     53124864                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53241472                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoops                     279448                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17799232                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       939182                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000688                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026258                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            938537     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               644      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        939182                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     628351020                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1166497                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    508624533                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                6687249                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted          6687249                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect             2682                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups             6028932                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                 610018                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect               581                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups        6028932                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits           4364423                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses         1664509                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1789                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                        82392762                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34111878                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                      99930093                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                    6687249                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches           4974441                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                     48108386                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                   7320                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 151                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1128                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                 11350998                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2055                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples          82225210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.797184                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.083428                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                57854169     70.36%     70.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                 1686067      2.05%     72.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                 1843080      2.24%     74.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                 1988493      2.42%     77.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                 1449981      1.76%     78.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                 1603400      1.95%     80.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                 1304362      1.59%     82.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                 1172220      1.43%     83.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                13323438     16.20%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total            82225210                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.081163                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       1.212850                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                24451016                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles             35219194                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                 18924917                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles              3626423                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                  3660                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts             147758441                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                  3660                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                26571810                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                9200458                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles          1082                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                 20270861                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles             26177339                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts             147749097                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.ROBFullEvents                  127                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents               5439745                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LQFullEvents              18586682                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu3.rename.SQFullEvents                886717                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands          163441837                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups            348053535                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups       163571319                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104389507                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps            163347170                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                   94609                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                20                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts            18                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                 26888207                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads            29023859                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores            8018506                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6826567                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores         1538119                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147733218                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                478                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                149095205                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              113                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          73356                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        82575                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           426                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     82225210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.813254                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.853620                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           26951815     32.78%     32.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15555803     18.92%     51.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15336591     18.65%     70.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9491965     11.54%     81.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6500619      7.91%     89.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4236121      5.15%     94.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2521399      3.07%     98.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             968326      1.18%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             662571      0.81%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       82225210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  48107      5.83%      5.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               109519     13.27%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                579659     70.25%     89.35% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 4674      0.57%     89.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            83191     10.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               8      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              876      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76956801     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33718568     22.62%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20567002     13.79%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5372394      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9835745      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2643717      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total             149095205                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          1.809567                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     825158                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005534                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         257510764                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87420755                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87328720                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123730126                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60387154                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60376607                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses              87948721                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61970766                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7226272                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12444                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           88                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          886                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6262                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382023                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           82                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3660                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                1888233                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles              4476488                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147733696                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2132                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29023859                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8018506                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               175                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                101072                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              4285895                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           886                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           779                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2591                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                3370                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149090523                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30402005                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4681                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                    38417529                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                 6680680                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                   8015524                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    1.809510                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                     147706124                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                    147705327                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                112355306                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                184082735                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      1.792698                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610352                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts          73542                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts             2817                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     82213150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.796067                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.744792                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     45466531     55.30%     55.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10439268     12.70%     68.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4592902      5.59%     73.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4775226      5.81%     79.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3820749      4.65%     84.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1372704      1.67%     85.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       836006      1.02%     86.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       731124      0.89%     87.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10178640     12.38%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     82213150                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts            99867398                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps             147660290                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                      37023657                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                     29011413                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                   6677559                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                  60372351                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                 98383594                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls              608816                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76920093     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33716108     22.83%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20559140     13.92%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5368743      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8452273      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2643501      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total        147660290                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events             10178640                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                   219768342                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                  295479887                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                            661                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                         167552                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   99867398                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                    147660290                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              0.825022                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        0.825022                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              1.212089                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        1.212089                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads               166267306                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes               75276215                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_reads                104381850                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                56162663                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_reads                 26415962                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_writes                31956071                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads               55019935                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           433758                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.555148                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           28984523                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           434270                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.743093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        303136893                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   510.555148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.997178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997178                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          276                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60045834                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60045834                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data     20912371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20912371                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data      7757579                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7757579                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data     28669950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        28669950                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data     28669950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       28669950                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       881159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       881159                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data       254673                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254673                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data      1135832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       1135832                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data      1135832                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      1135832                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  14919407991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  14919407991                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   5054246027                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5054246027                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data  19973654018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19973654018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data  19973654018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19973654018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data     21793530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21793530                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data      8012252                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8012252                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data     29805782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29805782                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data     29805782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29805782                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.040432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040432                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.031785                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031785                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.038108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038108                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.038108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038108                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16931.573066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16931.573066                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19846.022260                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 19846.022260                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17585.042522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 17585.042522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17585.042522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 17585.042522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1735                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               18                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    96.388889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       395900                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           395900                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       476708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       476708                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       476967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       476967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       476967                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       476967                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       404451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404451                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       254414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       254414                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       658865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       658865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       658865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       658865                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   7399081512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7399081512                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4712254694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4712254694                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  12111336206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  12111336206                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  12111336206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  12111336206                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.018558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018558                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.031753                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031753                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022105                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022105                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18294.135784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18294.135784                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18521.994442                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18521.994442                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18382.121081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18382.121081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18382.121081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 18382.121081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              674                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          492.107333                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           11349494                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          9650.930272                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   492.107333                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.961147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961147                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22703176                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        22703176                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst     11349500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11349500                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst     11349500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        11349500                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst     11349500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       11349500                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst         1498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         1498                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1498                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    146149704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146149704                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    146149704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146149704                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    146149704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146149704                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     11350998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11350998                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst     11350998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     11350998                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst     11350998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     11350998                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 97563.220294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97563.220294                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 97563.220294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97563.220294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 97563.220294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97563.220294                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          464                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    66.285714                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    118111770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118111770                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    118111770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118111770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    118111770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118111770                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 100094.720339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100094.720339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 100094.720339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100094.720339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 100094.720339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100094.720339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2.tags.replacements               279529                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4020.688796                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l2.tags.total_refs                 811043                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283625                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.859561                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1831506327                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.241302                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    48.198918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  3970.248576                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000547                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.011767                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.969299                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.981613                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          778                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9040977                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l2.tags.data_accesses             9040977                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       395900                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       395900                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          671                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          671                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data       224390                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224390                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data         7334                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             7334                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           99                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            99                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data       144713                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144713                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst              99                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data          152047                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::total              152146                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst             99                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data         152047                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::total             152146                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.conversionMisses                811043                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.l2.NumberOfConversion        69209004.729256                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data       259654                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259654                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          1077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data        282428                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::total            283505                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         1077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data       282428                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::total           283505                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2600839557                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2600839557                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    115704846                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    115704846                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   5471168022                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5471168022                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    115704846                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   8072007579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8187712425                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    115704846                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   8072007579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8187712425                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       395900                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       395900                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          671                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          671                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data       224390                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224390                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data        30108                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        30108                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         1176                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1176                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       404367                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404367                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data       434475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::total          435651                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst         1176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data       434475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::total         435651                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.756410                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.756410                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915816                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.915816                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.642125                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642125                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650044                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.650762                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650044                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.650762                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 114202.140906                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114202.140906                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 107432.540390                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107432.540390                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 21070.994562                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21070.994562                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 107432.540390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 28580.762456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28880.310488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 107432.540390                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 28580.762456                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28880.310488                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278197                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l2.writebacks::total               278197                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       259654                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259654                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       282428                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       282428                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283505                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2509834653                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2509834653                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111401154                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111401154                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4433590638                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4433590638                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111401154                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6943425291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7054826445                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111401154                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6943425291                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7054826445                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.756410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.756410                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.915816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.642125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642125                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650044                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650762                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915816                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650044                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650762                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 110206.140906                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110206.140906                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103436.540390                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103436.540390                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17074.994562                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17074.994562                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103436.540390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 24584.762456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24884.310488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103436.540390                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 24584.762456                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24884.310488                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1094682                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       659023                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           17                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          626                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          625                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405547                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       674097                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          674                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39395                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224390                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224390                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        30108                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        30108                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1180                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404367                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side         3030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side      1751693                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1754723                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side       118400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side     53144000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53262400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoops                     279533                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17804864                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       939574                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000685                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026212                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            938931     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               642      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        939574                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     628647390                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1179152                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    508762395                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.replacements                         1                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 84798.527721                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                     2153298                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                     96136                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                     22.398456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      1007.484328                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     20179.458626                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      1004.868823                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     20216.591347                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst      1004.463966                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     20190.151098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst      1006.215466                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     20189.294066                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.007686                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.153957                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.007667                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.154240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.007663                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.154039                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.007677                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.154032                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.646961                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         96135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        96135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.733452                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                  36087080                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                 36087080                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1112675                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1112675                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data                 3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        259199                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data        259702                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data        259374                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data        259466                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1037761                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu0.data               259204                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu1.data               259707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu2.data               259379                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu3.data               259469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                  1037779                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu0.data              259204                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu1.data              259707                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu2.data              259379                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu3.data              259469                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                 1037779                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.conversionMisses                          0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.l3.ConversionWrtBack                         0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.l3.NumberOfConversion                        0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           22772                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           22769                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data           22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           22771                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total               91086                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1072                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          191                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1071                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          195                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1071                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data          190                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1072                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data          188                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5050                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu0.data              22963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               1071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu1.data              22964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               1071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu2.data              22964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu3.data              22959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                  96136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              1072                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu0.data             22963                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              1071                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu1.data             22964                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              1071                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu2.data             22964                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              1072                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu3.data             22959                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total                 96136                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2441070153                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2271544515                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2311714638                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2403453141                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    9427782447                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    104692869                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21217428                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109168056                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     22227417                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    104349213                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     21286359                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    106315911                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     22463514                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    511720767                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    104692869                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2462287581                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109168056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2293771932                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    104349213                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2333000997                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    106315911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2425916655                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       9939503214                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    104692869                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2462287581                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109168056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2293771932                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    104349213                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2333000997                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    106315911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2425916655                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      9939503214                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1112675                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1112675                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         22777                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         22774                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data         22779                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data         22774                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total             91104                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       259390                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         1076                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       259564                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         1077                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       259654                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1042811                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           282167                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             1076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           282671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             1076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu2.data           282343                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             1077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu3.data           282428                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total              1133915                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          282167                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            1076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          282671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            1076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu2.data          282343                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            1077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu3.data          282428                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total             1133915                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999868                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999802                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995357                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000736                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000750                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995353                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000732                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995357                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000724                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.004843                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.995357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.081381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.995353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.081239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.995353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.081334                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.995357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.081292                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.084782                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.995357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.081381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.995353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.081239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.995353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.081334                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.995357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.081292                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.084782                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107196.124758                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99764.790505                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101506.746202                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 105548.862193                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103504.187768                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97661.258396                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111086.010471                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101930.957983                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 113986.753846                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97431.571429                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 112033.468421                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99175.290112                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 119486.776596                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101330.844950                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97661.258396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107228.479772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101930.957983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99885.557046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97431.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101593.842406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99175.290112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 105662.992944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103390.022614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97661.258396                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107228.479772                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101930.957983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99885.557046                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97431.571429                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101593.842406                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99175.290112                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 105662.992944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103390.022614                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22772                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22769                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22771                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          91086                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1072                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          191                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1071                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          195                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1071                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          190                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1072                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          188                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         5050                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         22963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          1071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         22964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          1071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         22964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         22959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             96136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            96136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2164334060                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1994814369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2034903796                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2126718850                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8320771075                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     91664355                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     18896906                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96151177                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     19857437                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     91333640                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     18977142                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     93289068                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     20180119                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    450349844                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     91664355                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2183230966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96151177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2014671806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     91333640                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2053880938                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     93289068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2146898969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8771120919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     91664355                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2183230966                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96151177                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2014671806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     91333640                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2053880938                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     93289068                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2146898969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8771120919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081381                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.081334                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.081292                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.084782                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081381                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.081334                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.081292                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.084782                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95043.652731                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87610.978480                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89352.059190                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 93395.935620                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91350.713337                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85507.793843                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 98936.680628                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89777.009337                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 101833.010256                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85278.842204                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 99879.694737                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87023.384328                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 107341.058511                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89178.186931                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85507.793843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95076.033881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89777.009337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87731.745602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85278.842204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89439.162951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87023.384328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 93510.125397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91236.591069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85507.793843                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95076.033881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89777.009337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87731.745602                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85278.842204                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89439.162951                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87023.384328                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 93510.125397                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91236.591069                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         96136                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5050                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             91086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            91086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5050                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        96188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        96084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total       192272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 192272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      3078016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      3074688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total      6152704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6152704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             96136                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   96136    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               96136                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy            72447104                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer9.occupancy            72308048                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer9.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          521798908                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2249434                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1115519                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              1                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  27436789413                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1042811                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1112675                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2845                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            91104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           91104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1042811                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       845134                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       846641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       845657                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       845917                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count::total               3383349                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35915456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35979584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35937792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35948928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size::total              143781760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                               1                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                         0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1133916                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000001                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.000939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                1133915    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total            1133916                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1119582297                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy         188736784                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer1.occupancy         189041570                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer2.occupancy         188840386                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer3.occupancy         188911606                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
