
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.026628                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26628037974                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                26628037974                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 166753                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   246556                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11114278                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8678200                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2395.84                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   399514772                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     590709133                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         33920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu0.data        734464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         34688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu1.data        735232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         34432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu2.data        735424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         34624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu3.data        735232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           3078016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        33920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        34688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        34432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        34624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       137664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu0.inst            530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu0.data          11476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu1.inst            542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu1.data          11488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu2.inst            538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu2.data          11491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu3.inst            541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu3.data          11488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              48094                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu0.inst          1273845                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu0.data         27582355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu1.inst          1302687                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu1.data         27611197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu2.inst          1293073                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu2.data         27618407                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu3.inst          1300284                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu3.data         27611197                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            115593045                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1273845                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      1302687                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      1293073                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      1300284                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         5169889                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu0.inst         1273845                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu0.data        27582355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu1.inst         1302687                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu1.data        27611197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu2.inst         1293073                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu2.data        27618407                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu3.inst         1300284                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu3.data        27611197                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           115593045                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      48094                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    48094                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               3078016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                3078016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             2803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             3068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             3124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             3210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             3223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             3285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             3343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             3263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             3276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             2951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            2820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            2818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            2791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            2741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            2676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            2702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  15505340472                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                48094                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  26821                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  14741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   5568                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    797                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    110                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                     42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        24834                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   123.943626                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.035833                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   172.797933                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17963     72.33%     72.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4824     19.42%     91.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          222      0.89%     92.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          419      1.69%     94.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          580      2.34%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          226      0.91%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           38      0.15%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           24      0.10%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          538      2.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        24834                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1382082097                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2283844597                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 240470000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    28737.10                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               47487.10                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      115.59                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   115.59                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   23260                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                48.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    322396.57                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   48.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                94762080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                50367240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              180777660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        316539600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy           428349300                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy            19028640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy     1286485440                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy       54538080                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy      5446623420                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy            7877471460                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           295.833709                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         14530216705                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5031233                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    133954000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  22675855224                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    141992879                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    849750332                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2821454306                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                82552680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                43877790                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              162613500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        288266160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy           388114140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy            16077120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy     1156947240                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy       54566880                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy      5539461240                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy            7732476750                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           290.388520                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         14619381713                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5387577                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    122012000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  23055773474                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    142140524                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    765721725                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2537002674                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         34752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu0.data        735168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         33856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu1.data        734464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu2.data        734272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu3.data        734144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           3074752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        34752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        33856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       136704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu0.inst            543                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu0.data          11487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu1.inst            529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu1.data          11476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu2.inst            532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu2.data          11473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu3.inst            532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu3.data          11471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              48043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu0.inst          1305091                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu0.data         27608793                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu1.inst          1271442                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu1.data         27582355                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu2.inst          1278652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu2.data         27575145                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu3.inst          1278652                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu3.data         27570338                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            115470468                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1305091                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      1271442                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      1278652                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      1278652                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         5133837                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu0.inst         1305091                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu0.data        27608793                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu1.inst         1271442                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu1.data        27582355                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu2.inst         1278652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu2.data        27575145                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu3.inst         1278652                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu3.data        27570338                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           115470468                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      48043                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    48043                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               3074752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                3074752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             2793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             3070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             3122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             3201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             3223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             3265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             3347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             3257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             3283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             2941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            2817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            2832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            2795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            2730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            2682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            2685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  15506020437                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                48043                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  26775                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  14734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   5677                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    735                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                     79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        24807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   123.946950                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.977691                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   172.991852                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17969     72.44%     72.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4814     19.41%     91.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          199      0.80%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          411      1.66%     94.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          571      2.30%     96.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          243      0.98%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           41      0.17%     97.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      0.09%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          536      2.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        24807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1388681914                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2289488164                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 240215000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    28904.98                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               47654.98                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      115.47                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   115.47                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   23236                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                48.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    322752.96                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   48.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                94512180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                50234415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              180484920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        317154240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy           427167120                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy            19064640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy     1298058720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy       48742560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy      5444754120                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy            7880172915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           295.935160                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         14532825607                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      4777965                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    134214000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  22668068974                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    126935783                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    847271894                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2846769358                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                82609800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                43908150                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              162542100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        286422240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy           387406770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy            15787200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy     1147867140                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy       56915040                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy      5542773900                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy            7726232340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           290.154014                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         14629261156                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5100789                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    121226000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  23071881974                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    148215967                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    764231790                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2517381454                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                6681413                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          6681413                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             2696                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             6023481                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 609682                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               575                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        6023481                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           4360534                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1662947                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1803                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        79964079                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34083234                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      99859185                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    6681413                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4970216                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     45707314                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   7422                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1367                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                 11341711                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2085                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          79795819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.850560                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.113232                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                55445341     69.48%     69.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 1683545      2.11%     71.59% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1849450      2.32%     73.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1972518      2.47%     76.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1461497      1.83%     78.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1583135      1.98%     80.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1303541      1.63%     81.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                 1190265      1.49%     83.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                13306527     16.68%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            79795819                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.083555                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.248801                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                24568707                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             32672810                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 18991297                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              3559294                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  3711                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             147651704                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  3711                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                26677203                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7254478                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles           970                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 20279751                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             25579706                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             147642331                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                   71                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               5331649                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents              17986290                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                981062                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          163333002                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            347793371                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       163502133                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104253396                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps            163237805                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   95106                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                20                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            18                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 26701102                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            29010679                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8015213                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6813573                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1552143                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147626055                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                472                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                148987462                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              125                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          73616                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        84092                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           420                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     79795819                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.867109                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.855667                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24664762     30.91%     30.91% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15394565     19.29%     50.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15361570     19.25%     69.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9499829     11.91%     81.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6458572      8.09%     89.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4246790      5.32%     94.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2540456      3.18%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             974904      1.22%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             654371      0.82%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       79795819                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  47935      5.74%      5.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               111956     13.41%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                582209     69.73%     88.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1178      0.14%     89.02% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            91668     10.98%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               7      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              900      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76901570     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  75      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33682834     22.61%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20560554     13.80%     88.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5370649      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9828773      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2642079      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total             148987462                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.863180                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     834953                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005604                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         254996874                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87379399                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87286731                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123608940                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60321605                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60310914                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              87906205                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61915310                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7238076                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12513                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           93                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          891                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6392                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1381942                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           49                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3711                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                1048541                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3457960                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147626527                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2180                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29010679                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8015213                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 96477                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3279115                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           891                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           773                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2660                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                3433                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts            148982793                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30388559                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4662                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    38400691                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6674839                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   8012132                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.863121                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                     147598476                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                    147597645                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                112294523                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                183974116                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.845799                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610382                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          73814                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             2864                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     79783737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.849410                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.765386                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     43022501     53.92%     53.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10454211     13.10%     67.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4585963      5.75%     72.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4774531      5.98%     78.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3851828      4.83%     83.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1387725      1.74%     85.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       831213      1.04%     86.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       736218      0.92%     87.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10139547     12.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     79783737                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            99796120                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps             147552847                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      37006964                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                     28998145                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   6671770                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  60306649                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 98333293                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              608487                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76865080     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33680371     22.83%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20552794     13.93%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5366956      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8445351      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2641863      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total        147552847                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events             10139547                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   217270851                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  295265579                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            671                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         168260                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   99796120                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                    147552847                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.801274                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.801274                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.248012                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.248012                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               166196270                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               75241790                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                104245625                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                56101014                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 26392453                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                31942385                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               54988056                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           432728                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.492211                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           28964966                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           433240                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.856629                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        304882812                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   510.492211                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.997055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          279                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         59987674                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        59987674                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     20888114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20888114                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      7754705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7754705                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     28642819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        28642819                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     28642819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       28642819                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       880276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       880276                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       254122                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254122                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1134398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1134398                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1134398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1134398                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13355455509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13355455509                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4488860979                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4488860979                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17844316488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17844316488                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17844316488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17844316488                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     21768390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21768390                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8008827                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8008827                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     29777217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29777217                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     29777217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29777217                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031730                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031730                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038096                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038096                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15171.895529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15171.895529                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17664.196642                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17664.196642                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15730.207994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15730.207994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15730.207994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15730.207994                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1581                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   131.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       394913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           394913                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       476519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       476519                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          257                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       476776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       476776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       476776                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       476776                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       403757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       403757                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       253865                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       253865                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       657622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       657622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       657622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       657622                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6863099697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6863099697                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4148641872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4148641872                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11011741569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11011741569                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11011741569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11011741569                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018548                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031698                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031698                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16998.094639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16998.094639                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16341.921383                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16341.921383                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16744.788905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16744.788905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16744.788905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16744.788905                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          492.128637                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           11340206                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1173                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          9667.694800                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   492.128637                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.961189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961189                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22684599                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        22684599                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     11340211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11340211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     11340211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        11340211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     11340211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       11340211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    145516005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145516005                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    145516005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    145516005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    145516005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    145516005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     11341711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11341711                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     11341711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     11341711                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     11341711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     11341711                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97010.670000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97010.670000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97010.670000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97010.670000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97010.670000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97010.670000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          648                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           72                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          671                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              671                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    116492391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116492391                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    116492391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116492391                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    116492391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116492391                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98973.994053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98973.994053                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98973.994053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98973.994053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98973.994053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98973.994053                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2.tags.replacements               279282                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4017.701076                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l2.tags.total_refs                 808963                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283378                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.854713                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1842681474                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.236993                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    49.671193                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  3965.792890                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.012127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.968211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980884                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          773                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9022114                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l2.tags.data_accesses             9022114                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       394913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       394913                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          668                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          668                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data       224224                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224224                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data         6936                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             6936                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           95                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            95                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       144281                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144281                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              95                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data          151217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::total              151312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             95                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data         151217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::total             151312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.conversionMisses                808963                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.l2.NumberOfConversion        69031511.390633                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data        22777                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22777                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       259403                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259403                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          1078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data        282180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::total            283258                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data       282180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::total           283258                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2638421271                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2638421271                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    114107445                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    114107445                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5462885646                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5462885646                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    114107445                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8101306917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8215414362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    114107445                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8101306917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8215414362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       394913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       394913                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          668                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          668                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data       224224                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224224                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        29713                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29713                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1173                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1173                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       403684                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       403684                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst         1173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       433397                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::total          434570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         1173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       433397                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::total         434570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.766567                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.766567                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.919011                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.919011                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.642589                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642589                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.919011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.651089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.651812                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.919011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.651089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.651812                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 115837.084383                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115837.084383                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105851.062152                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105851.062152                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21059.454386                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21059.454386                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105851.062152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28709.713364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29003.291565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105851.062152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28709.713364                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29003.291565                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.writebacks::writebacks          277948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2.writebacks::total               277948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       259403                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259403                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       282180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283258                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       282180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283258                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2547404379                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2547404379                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    109799757                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109799757                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4426311258                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4426311258                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    109799757                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6973715637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7083515394                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    109799757                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6973715637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7083515394                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.766567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766567                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.919011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.919011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.642589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642589                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.919011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.651089                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651812                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.919011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.651089                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651812                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111841.084383                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111841.084383                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101855.062152                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101855.062152                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17063.454386                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17063.454386                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101855.062152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24713.713364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25007.291565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101855.062152                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24713.713364                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25007.291565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1092354                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       657776                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          626                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          625                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       404861                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       672861                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          671                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39306                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224224                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224224                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        29713                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        29713                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       403684                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side         3021                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side      1748127                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1751148                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side       118016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side     53011840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53129856                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoops                     279286                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17788928                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       938080                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000685                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026213                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            937438     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               641      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        938080                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     627212826                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1175823                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    507630195                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                6697944                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          6697944                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect             2700                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             6038894                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 610608                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect               583                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups        6038894                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits           4371529                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses         1667365                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1811                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                        79964079                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34162913                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                     100063061                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    6697944                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           4982137                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     45620749                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                   7436                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1374                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                 11368312                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2031                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          79788957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.854571                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.109822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                55399552     69.43%     69.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                 1586486      1.99%     71.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                 1846887      2.31%     73.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1891640      2.37%     76.11% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1641536      2.06%     78.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                 1677237      2.10%     80.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1313157      1.65%     81.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                 1271887      1.59%     83.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                13160575     16.49%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            79788957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.083762                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       1.251350                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                24578116                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             32575426                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 19176024                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles              3455673                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                  3718                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts             147958878                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                  3718                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                26615670                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                8908925                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles           784                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 20400874                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles             23858986                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts             147949437                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                   54                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents               5494755                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents              16397146                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.SQFullEvents                685238                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands          163645591                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            348540390                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       163703086                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104643224                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps            163550553                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                   94906                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                19                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts            17                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                 25480388                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            29048675                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            8024922                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6831643                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1543126                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147933406                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                462                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                149295128                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              124                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          73695                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        84039                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           410                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     79788957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.871125                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.856545                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24578602     30.80%     30.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15399522     19.30%     50.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15371431     19.27%     69.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9505712     11.91%     81.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6515962      8.17%     89.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4234065      5.31%     94.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2541531      3.19%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             984807      1.23%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             657325      0.82%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       79788957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  48134      5.82%      5.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               109806     13.28%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                575775     69.64%     88.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1201      0.15%     88.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            91806     11.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               8      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              907      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             77058865     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33785029     22.63%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20578874     13.78%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5375734      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9848853      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2646764      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total             149295128                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          1.867027                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     826730                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005538                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         255222542                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87498706                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87406107                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123983518                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60509712                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60498761                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              88019251                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses               62101700                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7234275                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12503                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          104                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          884                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6306                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382257                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           49                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3718                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                1141420                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles              4988975                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147933868                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2254                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29048675                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8024922                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               169                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 95625                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              4805133                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           884                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           774                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2649                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                3423                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149290394                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30426933                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4727                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    38448847                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 6691382                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   8021914                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    1.866968                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                     147905729                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                    147904868                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                112518861                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                184429761                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      1.849641                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610091                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts          73879                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts             2878                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     79776823                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.853421                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.767915                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     42953284     53.84%     53.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10474368     13.13%     66.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4593689      5.76%     72.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4786045      6.00%     78.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3831858      4.80%     83.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1392661      1.75%     85.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       834689      1.05%     86.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       740525      0.93%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10169704     12.75%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     79776823                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts           100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps             147860059                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      37054773                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                     29036158                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   6688311                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                  60494441                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 98477176                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              609425                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        77022312     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33782542     22.85%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20571030     13.91%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5372066      3.63%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8465128      5.73%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2646549      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total        147860059                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events             10169704                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   217541057                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  295880230                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            673                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                         175122                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                    147860059                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              0.799641                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        0.799641                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              1.250562                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        1.250562                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               166398372                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               75339544                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                104635128                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                56277308                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_reads                 26458487                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_writes                31981155                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads               55078834                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           433291                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.525687                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           29012504                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           433803                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.879445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        281529855                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   510.525687                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.997120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          271                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60091545                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60091545                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     20925756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20925756                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      7763945                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7763945                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     28689701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        28689701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     28689701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       28689701                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       884501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       884501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       254669                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254669                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1139170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       1139170                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1139170                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      1139170                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  13381854750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13381854750                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4324210793                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4324210793                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  17706065543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17706065543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  17706065543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17706065543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     21810257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21810257                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      8018614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8018614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     29828871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29828871                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     29828871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29828871                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.040554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040554                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.031760                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031760                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.038190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038190                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.038190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15129.270346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15129.270346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16979.729739                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16979.729739                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15542.952802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15542.952802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15542.952802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15542.952802                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1431                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   102.214286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       395482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           395482                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       480211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       480211                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       480481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       480481                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       480481                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       480481                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       404290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404290                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       254399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       254399                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       658689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       658689                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       658689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       658689                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6874342776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6874342776                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3983499179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3983499179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  10857841955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10857841955                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  10857841955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10857841955                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.031726                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031726                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17003.494462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17003.494462                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15658.470273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15658.470273                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16484.018945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16484.018945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16484.018945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16484.018945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              669                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          493.573099                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           11366819                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1173                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          9690.382779                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   493.573099                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.964010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22737801                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        22737801                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     11366823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11366823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     11366823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        11366823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     11366823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       11366823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         1489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1489                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1489                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    150993189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150993189                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    150993189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    150993189                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    150993189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    150993189                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11368312                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     11368312                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     11368312                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101405.768301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101405.768301                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101405.768301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101405.768301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101405.768301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101405.768301                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1216                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   243.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          669                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              669                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120943269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120943269                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120943269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120943269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120943269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120943269                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102755.538658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102755.538658                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102755.538658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102755.538658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102755.538658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102755.538658                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2.tags.replacements               279769                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4018.669286                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l2.tags.total_refs                 810118                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283865                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.853885                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1804680513                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.365031                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    49.171819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  3968.132436                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.012005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.968782                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.981120                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          793                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9035737                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l2.tags.data_accesses             9035737                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       395482                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       395482                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          667                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          667                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data       224720                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224720                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data         6987                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             6987                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           97                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            97                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data       144312                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144312                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              97                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data          151299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::total              151396                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             97                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data         151299                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::total             151396                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.conversionMisses                810118                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.l2.NumberOfConversion        69130071.393570                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          1076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data        282671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::total            283747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data       282671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::total           283747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2468942253                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2468942253                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118550331                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    118550331                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5474297889                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5474297889                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118550331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7943240142                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8061790473                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118550331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7943240142                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8061790473                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       395482                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       395482                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          667                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          667                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data       224720                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224720                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        29761                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29761                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         1173                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1173                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       404209                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404209                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst         1173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data       433970                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::total          435143                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         1173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data       433970                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::total         435143                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.765230                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.765230                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.917306                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.642977                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642977                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651361                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.652078                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651361                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.652078                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 108410.567006                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108410.567006                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 110176.887546                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110176.887546                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21063.336202                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21063.336202                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 110176.887546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28100.654620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28411.896771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 110176.887546                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28100.654620                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28411.896771                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2.writebacks::total               278434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       282671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       282671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2377937349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2377937349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114250635                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114250635                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4435749477                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4435749477                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114250635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6813686826                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6927937461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114250635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6813686826                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6927937461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.765230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.765230                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.642977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642977                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651361                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.652078                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651361                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.652078                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 104414.567006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104414.567006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 106180.887546                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106180.887546                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17067.336202                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17067.336202                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 106180.887546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24104.654620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24415.896771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 106180.887546                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24104.654620                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24415.896771                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1093994                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       658843                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           14                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          626                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          625                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405386                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       673916                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          669                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39311                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224720                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224720                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        29761                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        29761                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404209                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side         3019                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side      1750838                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1753857                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side       117888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side     53084928                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53202816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoops                     279773                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17820032                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       939636                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000682                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026150                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            938996     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               639      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        939636                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     628136568                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1176155                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    508368122                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                6686252                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          6686252                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect             2732                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             6027984                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 609939                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect               590                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups        6027984                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits           4363660                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses         1664324                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1824                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                        79964079                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34106124                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      99917396                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    6686252                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           4973599                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     45683348                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                   7466                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 175                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1348                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                 11349321                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2065                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          79794735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.851685                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.114005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                55443317     69.48%     69.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                 1670855      2.09%     71.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                 1846455      2.31%     73.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 1971214      2.47%     76.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                 1465313      1.84%     78.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                 1587459      1.99%     80.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 1311687      1.64%     81.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                 1178872      1.48%     83.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                13319563     16.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            79794735                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.083616                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.249529                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                24583565                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             32650050                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 18969909                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              3587478                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                  3733                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             147739552                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                  3733                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                26672876                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                7383861                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles          1171                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 20286436                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles             25446658                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             147730012                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                   53                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents               5409472                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents              17954552                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents                781541                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          163422454                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            348006947                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       163558580                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104365305                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            163327335                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                   95043                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                19                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts            17                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 26730108                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads            29021314                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            8017821                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6824516                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores         1533941                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147713799                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                484                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                149075473                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              142                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          73375                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        83862                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           432                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     79794735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.868237                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.856799                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24670455     30.92%     30.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15380331     19.27%     50.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15353786     19.24%     69.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9453896     11.85%     81.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6526881      8.18%     89.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4230908      5.30%     94.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2535527      3.18%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             992952      1.24%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             649999      0.81%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       79794735                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  47237      5.74%      5.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               109531     13.30%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                574046     69.72%     88.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1099      0.13%     88.90% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            91391     11.10%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               8      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              926      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76946731     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33712162     22.61%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20565690     13.80%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5371964      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9834494      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2643404      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             149075473                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.864280                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     823312                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005523                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         255054957                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87413220                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87320646                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123714178                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60375304                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60364811                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              87931300                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61966559                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7234798                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12351                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          895                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6217                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382025                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           51                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3733                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                1129911                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3484061                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147714283                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2204                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29021314                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8017821                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               176                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 96345                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3301592                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           895                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           786                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2691                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                3477                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149070630                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30399413                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4843                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    38414195                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 6679587                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   8014782                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.864220                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     147686277                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    147685457                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                112403104                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                184152980                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.846897                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610379                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts          73560                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts             2890                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     79782648                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.850539                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.767360                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     43020896     53.92%     53.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10460709     13.11%     67.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4588463      5.75%     72.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4775619      5.99%     78.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3811687      4.78%     83.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1389397      1.74%     85.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       832712      1.04%     86.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       738955      0.93%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10164210     12.74%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     79782648                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            99854511                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             147640862                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                      37020548                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                     29008945                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   6676522                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                  60360640                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 98374320                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              608754                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76910151     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33709731     22.83%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20557930     13.92%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5368401      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8451015      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2643202      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total        147640862                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events             10164210                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   217332860                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  295441094                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                            674                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                         169344                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   99854511                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    147640862                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.800806                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.800806                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              1.248742                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        1.248742                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               166253005                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               75269603                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                104357678                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                56151601                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                 26411511                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes                31953447                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads               55013839                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           433763                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.489683                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           28975368                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           434275                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.721243                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        304945749                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   510.489683                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.997050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997050                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60022361                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60022361                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data     20896146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20896146                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      7757109                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7757109                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data     28653255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        28653255                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data     28653255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       28653255                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       886286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       886286                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       254502                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254502                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1140788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       1140788                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1140788                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      1140788                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13377677931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13377677931                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4361467166                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4361467166                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  17739145097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17739145097                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  17739145097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17739145097                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data     21782432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21782432                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      8011611                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8011611                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data     29794043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29794043                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data     29794043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29794043                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.040688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040688                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031767                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031767                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.038289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.038289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15094.086932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15094.086932                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17137.260870                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17137.260870                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15549.905063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15549.905063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15549.905063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15549.905063                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1224                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    94.153846                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       395862                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           395862                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       481676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       481676                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          323                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       481999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       481999                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       481999                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       481999                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       404610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404610                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       254179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       254179                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       658789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       658789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       658789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       658789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6870780675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6870780675                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4020740234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4020740234                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  10891520909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10891520909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  10891520909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10891520909                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031726                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031726                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16981.242863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16981.242863                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15818.538251                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15818.538251                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16532.639296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16532.639296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16532.639296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16532.639296                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              658                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          493.549186                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           11347833                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          9765.777108                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   493.549186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.963963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22699808                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        22699808                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     11347833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11347833                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     11347833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        11347833                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     11347833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       11347833                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst         1488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          1488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         1488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    145078443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145078443                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    145078443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    145078443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    145078443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    145078443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     11349321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11349321                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     11349321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     11349321                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     11349321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     11349321                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97498.953629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97498.953629                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97498.953629                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97498.953629                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97498.953629                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97498.953629                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          315                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           45                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks          658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total              658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    115906644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115906644                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    115906644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    115906644                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    115906644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    115906644                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 99405.355060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99405.355060                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 99405.355060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99405.355060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 99405.355060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99405.355060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2.tags.replacements               279490                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4017.656230                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l2.tags.total_refs                 810996                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.859789                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1834229601                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.372330                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    49.431073                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  3966.852827                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.012068                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.968470                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          790                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9040250                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l2.tags.data_accesses             9040250                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       395862                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       395862                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          655                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          655                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data       224295                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224295                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data         7209                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             7209                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst           87                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            87                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data       144893                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144893                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              87                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data          152102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::total              152189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             87                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data         152102                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::total             152189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.conversionMisses                810996                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.l2.NumberOfConversion        69204994.062469                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data        22779                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22779                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1075                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1075                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data       259613                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259613                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          1075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data        282392                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::total            283467                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data       282392                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::total           283467                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2508967521                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2508967521                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    113575311                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    113575311                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5467852008                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5467852008                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    113575311                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7976819529                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8090394840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    113575311                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7976819529                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8090394840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       395862                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       395862                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          655                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          655                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data       224295                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224295                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        29988                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29988                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         1162                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1162                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       404506                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404506                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst         1162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data       434494                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::total          435656                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         1162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       434494                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::total         435656                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.759604                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.759604                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925129                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.925129                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.641803                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.641803                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649933                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.650667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649933                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.650667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 110143.883445                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110143.883445                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 105651.452093                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105651.452093                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21061.549337                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21061.549337                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 105651.452093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28247.328285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28540.870154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 105651.452093                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28247.328285                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28540.870154                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l2.writebacks::total               278158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22779                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22779                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1075                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1075                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       259613                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259613                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       282392                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       282392                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283467                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2417942637                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2417942637                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    109279611                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109279611                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4430438460                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4430438460                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    109279611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6848381097                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6957660708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    109279611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6848381097                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6957660708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.759604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.759604                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.641803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641803                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649933                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649933                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 106147.883445                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106147.883445                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 101655.452093                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101655.452093                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17065.549337                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17065.549337                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 101655.452093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24251.328285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24544.870154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 101655.452093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24251.328285                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24544.870154                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1094595                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       658931                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          628                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          627                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405672                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       674020                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          658                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39453                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224295                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224295                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        29988                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        29988                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1166                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404506                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side         2986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side      1751560                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1754546                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side       116480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side     53142784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53259264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoops                     279495                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17802368                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       939446                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000687                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026234                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            938802     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               643      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        939446                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     628582455                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1165166                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    508749741                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                6686925                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted          6686925                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect             2696                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups             6028651                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                 609980                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect               583                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups        6028651                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits           4364206                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses         1664445                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1802                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                        79964079                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34110463                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                      99926636                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                    6686925                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches           4974186                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                     45680780                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                   7330                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 151                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1128                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                 11350515                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2054                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples          79796194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.851824                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.114037                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                55441956     69.48%     69.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                 1671513      2.09%     71.57% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                 1842684      2.31%     73.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                 1978822      2.48%     76.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                 1463009      1.83%     78.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                 1586585      1.99%     80.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                 1308407      1.64%     81.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                 1185992      1.49%     83.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                13317226     16.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total            79796194                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.083624                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       1.249644                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                24603245                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles             32625286                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                 19015510                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles              3548488                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                  3665                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts             147753501                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                  3665                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                26699854                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                7340742                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles          1082                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                 20301340                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles             25449511                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts             147744003                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.ROBFullEvents                   72                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents               5351574                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LQFullEvents              17937424                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu3.rename.SQFullEvents                886682                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands          163436494                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups            348041241                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups       163567327                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104384061                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps            163342109                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                   94291                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                20                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts            18                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                 26639295                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads            29023172                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores            8018305                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6815819                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores         1548072                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147728166                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                478                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                149089985                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              113                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          73199                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        83433                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           426                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     79796194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.868385                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.857167                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24669578     30.92%     30.92% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15395653     19.29%     50.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15323893     19.20%     69.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9477141     11.88%     81.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6514837      8.16%     89.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4232640      5.30%     94.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2534971      3.18%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             997099      1.25%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             650382      0.82%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       79796194                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  47934      5.84%      5.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.84% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               108587     13.22%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                571991     69.65%     88.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1140      0.14%     88.85% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            91601     11.15%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               7      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              889      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76953994     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33717044     22.62%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20566602     13.79%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5372265      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9835457      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2643632      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total             149089985                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          1.864462                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     821260                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005508                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         255066070                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87418159                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87326226                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123731464                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60384537                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60373813                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses              87935516                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61974840                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7239162                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12428                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           82                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          879                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6235                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382049                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           82                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3665                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                1099848                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3480094                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147728644                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2148                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29023172                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8018305                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               175                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 96156                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3300789                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           879                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           775                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2608                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                3383                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149085274                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30401294                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4708                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                    38416593                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                 6680355                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                   8015299                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    1.864403                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                     147700849                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                    147700039                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                112384641                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                184131481                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      1.847080                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610350                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts          73319                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts             2831                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     79784191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.850684                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.767658                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     43022828     53.92%     53.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10461206     13.11%     67.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4588911      5.75%     72.79% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4774107      5.98%     78.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3807539      4.77%     83.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1389074      1.74%     85.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       832854      1.04%     86.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       740010      0.93%     87.26% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10167662     12.74%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     79784191                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts            99864141                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps             147655365                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                      37022811                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                     29010741                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                   6677295                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                  60369505                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                 98381113                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls              608799                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76917574     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33714548     22.83%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20558793     13.92%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5368646      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8451948      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2643424      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total        147655365                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events             10167662                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                   217345213                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                  295469559                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                            664                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                         167885                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   99864141                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                    147655365                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              0.800729                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        0.800729                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              1.248863                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        1.248863                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads               166262976                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes               75274174                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_reads                104376237                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                56160067                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_reads                 26414579                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_writes                31955145                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads               55018228                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           433698                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.511265                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           28971414                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           434210                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.722125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        303136893                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   510.511265                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.997092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997092                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60018172                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60018172                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data     20891687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20891687                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data      7757586                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7757586                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data     28649273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        28649273                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data     28649273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       28649273                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       888216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       888216                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data       254492                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254492                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data      1142708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       1142708                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data      1142708                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      1142708                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  13386697236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13386697236                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4454496044                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4454496044                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data  17841193280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17841193280                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data  17841193280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17841193280                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data     21779903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21779903                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data      8012078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8012078                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data     29791981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29791981                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data     29791981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29791981                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.040781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040781                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.031764                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031764                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.038356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038356                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.038356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038356                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15071.443473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15071.443473                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17503.481618                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17503.481618                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15613.081627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15613.081627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15613.081627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15613.081627                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1735                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               18                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    96.388889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       395804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           395804                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       483625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       483625                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       483944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       483944                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       483944                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       483944                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       404591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404591                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       254173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       254173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       658764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       658764                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       658764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       658764                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6872301819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6872301819                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4113845369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4113845369                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  10986147188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10986147188                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  10986147188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10986147188                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.018576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.031724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16985.800028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16985.800028                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16185.217820                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16185.217820                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16676.908860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16676.908860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16676.908860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16676.908860                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              675                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          492.139862                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           11349010                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1177                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          9642.319456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   492.139862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.961211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961211                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22702211                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        22702211                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst     11349016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11349016                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst     11349016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        11349016                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst     11349016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       11349016                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst         1499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         1499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    146733786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146733786                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    146733786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146733786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    146733786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146733786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     11350515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11350515                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst     11350515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     11350515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst     11350515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     11350515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 97887.782522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97887.782522                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 97887.782522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97887.782522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 97887.782522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97887.782522                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          465                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    66.428571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    118694187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118694187                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    118694187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118694187                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    118694187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118694187                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 100503.121931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100503.121931                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 100503.121931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100503.121931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 100503.121931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100503.121931                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2.tags.replacements               279526                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4018.401431                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l2.tags.total_refs                 810908                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283622                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.859115                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1831506327                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.266196                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    49.646178                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  3966.489057                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.012121                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.968381                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.981055                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          788                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9039870                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l2.tags.data_accesses             9039870                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       395804                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       395804                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          672                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          672                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data       224328                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224328                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data         7170                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             7170                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           99                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            99                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data       144843                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144843                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst              99                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data          152013                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::total              152112                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst             99                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data         152013                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::total             152112                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.conversionMisses                810908                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.l2.NumberOfConversion        69197484.728912                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data       259649                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259649                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          1078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data        282423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::total            283501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data       282423                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::total           283501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2600823240                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2600823240                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    116285598                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    116285598                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   5469367158                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5469367158                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    116285598                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   8070190398                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8186475996                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    116285598                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   8070190398                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8186475996                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       395804                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       395804                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          672                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          672                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data       224328                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224328                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data        29944                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29944                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         1177                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1177                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       404492                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404492                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data       434436                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::total          435613                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst         1177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data       434436                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::total         435613                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.760553                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.760553                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915888                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.915888                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.641914                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.641914                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650091                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.650809                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650091                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.650809                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 114201.424431                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114201.424431                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 107871.612245                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107871.612245                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 21064.464558                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21064.464558                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 107871.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 28574.834196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28876.356683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 107871.612245                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 28574.834196                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28876.356683                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278192                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l2.writebacks::total               278192                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       259649                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259649                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       282423                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       282423                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2509818336                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2509818336                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111977910                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111977910                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4431809754                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4431809754                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111977910                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6941628090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7053606000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111977910                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6941628090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7053606000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.760553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760553                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.915888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.641914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641914                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650091                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650809                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650091                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650809                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 110205.424431                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110205.424431                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103875.612245                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103875.612245                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17068.464558                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17068.464558                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103875.612245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 24578.834196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24880.356683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103875.612245                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 24578.834196                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24880.356683                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1094544                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       658923                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           17                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          627                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          626                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405673                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       673996                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          675                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39454                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224328                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224328                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        29944                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        29944                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1181                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404492                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side         3033                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side      1751452                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1754485                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side       118528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side     53135360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53253888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoops                     279530                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17804544                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       939471                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000687                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026234                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            938827     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               643      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        939471                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     628538166                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1180151                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    508702788                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.replacements                         1                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 84464.451882                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                     2153413                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                     96137                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                     22.399420                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      1008.101819                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     20095.161323                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      1005.101583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     20133.390672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst      1004.274647                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     20106.149926                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst      1006.855649                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     20105.416262                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.007691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.153314                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.007668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.153606                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.007662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.153398                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.007682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.153392                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.644413                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         96136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        96136                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.733459                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                  36088937                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                 36088937                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1112732                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1112732                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data                 3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        259212                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data        259702                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data        259423                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data        259461                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1037818                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu0.data               259217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu1.data               259707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu2.data               259428                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu3.data               259464                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                  1037836                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu0.data              259217                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu1.data              259707                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu2.data              259428                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu3.data              259464                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                 1037836                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.conversionMisses                          0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.l3.ConversionWrtBack                         0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.l3.NumberOfConversion                        0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           22772                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           22769                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data           22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           22771                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total               91086                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1073                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          191                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1071                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          195                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1070                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data          190                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1073                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data          188                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5051                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               1073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu0.data              22963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               1071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu1.data              22964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               1070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu2.data              22964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               1073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu3.data              22959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                  96137                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              1073                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu0.data             22963                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              1071                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu1.data             22964                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              1070                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu2.data             22964                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              1073                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu3.data             22959                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total                 96137                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2441006550                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2271544515                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2311472214                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2403437490                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    9427460769                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    104708853                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21037275                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109168056                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     22226418                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    104202027                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     21562083                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    106886673                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     22588389                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    512379774                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    104708853                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2462043825                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109168056                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2293770933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    104202027                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2333034297                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    106886673                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2426025879                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       9939840543                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    104708853                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2462043825                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109168056                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2293770933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    104202027                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2333034297                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    106886673                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2426025879                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      9939840543                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1112732                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1112732                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         22777                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         22774                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data         22779                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data         22774                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total             91104                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       259403                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         1075                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       259613                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       259649                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1042869                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           282180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             1076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           282671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             1075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu2.data           282392                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             1078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu3.data           282423                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total              1133973                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          282180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            1076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          282671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            1075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu2.data          282392                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            1078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu3.data          282423                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total             1133973                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999868                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999802                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995362                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000736                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000750                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995349                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000732                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995362                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000724                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.004843                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.995362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.081377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.995353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.081239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.995349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.081320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.995362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.081293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.084779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.995362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.081377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.995353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.081239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.995349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.081320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.995362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.081293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.084779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107193.331723                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99764.790505                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101496.101431                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 105548.174872                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103500.656182                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97585.137931                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 110142.801047                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101930.957983                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 113981.630769                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97385.071963                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 113484.647368                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99614.793103                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 120151.005319                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101441.254009                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97585.137931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107217.864608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101930.957983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99885.513543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97385.071963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101595.292501                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99614.793103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 105667.750294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103392.456005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97585.137931                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107217.864608                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101930.957983                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99885.513543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97385.071963                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101595.292501                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99614.793103                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 105667.750294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103392.456005                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22772                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22769                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22771                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          91086                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1073                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          191                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1071                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          195                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1070                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          190                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1073                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          188                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         5051                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          1073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         22963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          1071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         22964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          1070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         22964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          1073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         22959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             96137                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            96137                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2164270261                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1994814369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2034660818                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2126702661                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8320448109                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     91668969                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     18716459                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96150803                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     19857304                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     91198221                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     19252628                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     93846733                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     20305052                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    450996169                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     91668969                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2182986720                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96150803                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2014671673                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     91198221                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2053913446                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     93846733                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2147007713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8771444278                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     91668969                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2182986720                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96150803                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2014671673                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     91198221                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2053913446                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     93846733                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2147007713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8771444278                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.081320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.081293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.084779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.081320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.081293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.084779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95040.851089                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87610.978480                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89341.390094                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 93395.224672                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91347.167611                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85432.403541                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97991.931937                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89776.660131                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 101832.328205                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85231.982243                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101329.621053                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87462.006524                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 108005.595745                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89288.491190                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85432.403541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95065.397378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89776.660131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87731.739810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85231.982243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89440.578558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87462.006524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 93514.861841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91239.005565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85432.403541                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95065.397378                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89776.660131                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87731.739810                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85231.982243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89440.578558                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87462.006524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 93514.861841                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91239.005565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         96137                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5051                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             91086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            91086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5051                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        96188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        96086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total       192274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 192274                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      3078016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      3074752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total      6152768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6152768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             96137                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   96137    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               96137                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy            72435432                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer9.occupancy            72300302                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer9.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          521797366                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2249550                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1115577                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              1                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26628037974                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1042869                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1112732                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2846                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            91104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           91104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1042869                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       845176                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       846641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       845801                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       845905                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count::total               3383523                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35917184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35979584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35944000                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35948352                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size::total              143789120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                               1                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                         0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1133974                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000001                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.000939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                1133973    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total            1133974                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1119639906                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy         188698300                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer1.occupancy         189005382                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer2.occupancy         188826870                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer3.occupancy         188863458                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
