
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.026693                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26693135145                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                26693135145                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 140048                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   207070                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                9357479                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8678196                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2852.60                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   399499728                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     590686467                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         33920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu0.data        734464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         34688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu1.data        735232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         34496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu2.data        735424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         34560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu3.data        735232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           3078016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        33920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        34688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        34496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        34560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       137664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu0.inst            530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu0.data          11476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu1.inst            542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu1.data          11488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu2.inst            539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu2.data          11491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu3.inst            540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu3.data          11488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              48094                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu0.inst          1270739                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu0.data         27515089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu1.inst          1299510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu1.data         27543861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu2.inst          1292317                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu2.data         27551054                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu3.inst          1294715                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu3.data         27543861                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            115311146                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1270739                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      1299510                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      1292317                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      1294715                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         5157281                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu0.inst         1270739                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu0.data        27515089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu1.inst         1299510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu1.data        27543861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu2.inst         1292317                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu2.data        27551054                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu3.inst         1294715                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu3.data        27543861                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           115311146                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      48094                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    48094                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               3078016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                3078016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             2803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             3068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             3124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             3210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             3223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             3285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             3343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             3262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             3276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             2951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            2820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            2818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            2792                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            2741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            2676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            2702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  15553673424                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                48094                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  26823                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  14743                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   5567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                     42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        24836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   123.933645                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.021746                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   172.862309                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17968     72.35%     72.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4823     19.42%     91.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          224      0.90%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          413      1.66%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          581      2.34%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          225      0.91%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           40      0.16%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      0.09%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          539      2.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        24836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1382060159                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2283822659                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 240470000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    28736.64                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               47486.64                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      115.31                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   115.31                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   23258                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                48.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    323401.53                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   48.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                94769220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                50371035                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              180770520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        316539600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy           428383500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy            19028640                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy     1287175710                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy       53928480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy      5462246520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy            7893213225                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           295.701979                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         14579893999                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5031233                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    133954000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  22740952395                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    140406871                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    849844217                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2822946429                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                82559820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                43881585                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              162620640                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        288266160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy           387977340                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy            16077600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy     1156228470                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy       55287840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy      5555084040                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy            7747983495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           290.261265                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         14669456780                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5387910                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    122012000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  23120870645                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    144021019                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    765418503                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2535425068                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         34688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu0.data        735168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         33856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu1.data        734464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu2.data        734272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu3.data        734144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           3074688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        34688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        33856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       136640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu0.inst            542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu0.data          11487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu1.inst            529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu1.data          11476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu2.inst            532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu2.data          11473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu3.inst            532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu3.data          11471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              48042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu0.inst          1299510                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu0.data         27541463                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu1.inst          1268341                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu1.data         27515089                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu2.inst          1275534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu2.data         27507897                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu3.inst          1275534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu3.data         27503101                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            115186470                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1299510                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      1268341                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      1275534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      1275534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         5118919                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu0.inst         1299510                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu0.data        27541463                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu1.inst         1268341                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu1.data        27515089                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu2.inst         1275534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu2.data        27507897                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu3.inst         1275534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu3.data        27503101                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           115186470                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      48042                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    48042                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               3074688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                3074688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             2793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             3070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             3122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             3201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             3223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             3265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             3346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             3257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             3283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             2941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            2817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            2832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            2795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            2730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            2682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            2685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  15556367706                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                48042                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  26772                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  14741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   5672                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    735                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                     79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        24807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   123.944371                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.963664                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   173.077199                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17972     72.45%     72.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4813     19.40%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          197      0.79%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          411      1.66%     94.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          568      2.29%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          244      0.98%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           41      0.17%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           25      0.10%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          536      2.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        24807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1390017744                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2290805244                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 240210000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    28933.39                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               47683.39                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      115.19                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   115.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   23235                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                48.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    323807.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   48.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                94519320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                50238210                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              180477780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        317154240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy           427185360                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy            19058880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy     1298920560                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy       48007200                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy      5460377520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy            7895939070                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           295.804097                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         14582554844                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      4777965                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    134214000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  22733166145                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    125022786                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    847314502                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2848639747                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                82602660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                43904355                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              162542100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        286422240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy           387377700                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy            15880800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy     1142684130                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy       58426560                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy      5560689540                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy            7740530085                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           289.982039                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         14672194777                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5352789                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    121232000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  23144229395                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    152152610                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    764161872                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2506006479                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                6681141                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          6681141                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             2691                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             6023215                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 609682                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               577                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        6023215                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           4360378                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1662837                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1796                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        80159566                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34082026                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      99856184                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    6681141                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4970060                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     45903842                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   7414                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1367                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                 11341322                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2086                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          79991135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.845985                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.110713                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                55639740     69.56%     69.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 1685110      2.11%     71.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1849715      2.31%     73.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1972901      2.47%     76.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1460304      1.83%     78.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1584545      1.98%     80.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1303126      1.63%     81.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                 1189070      1.49%     83.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                13306624     16.64%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            79991135                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.083348                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.245718                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                24555804                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             32882989                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 18982762                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              3565873                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  3707                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             147647229                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  3707                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                26666229                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7403400                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles           970                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 20276212                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             25640617                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             147637710                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                   89                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               5340118                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents              18039547                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                981087                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          163328319                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            347782366                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       163498928                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104247973                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps            163233296                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   94994                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                20                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            18                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 26717498                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            29010080                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8015025                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6815400                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1555987                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147621509                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                472                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                148982974                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              121                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          73509                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        83826                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           420                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     79991135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.862494                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.855474                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24852203     31.07%     31.07% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15405686     19.26%     50.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15360160     19.20%     69.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9500492     11.88%     81.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6457217      8.07%     89.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4248976      5.31%     94.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2536821      3.17%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             975822      1.22%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             653758      0.82%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       79991135                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  47964      5.74%      5.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               111780     13.38%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                583186     69.81%     88.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1492      0.18%     89.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            90967     10.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               7      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              901      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76899286     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  75      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33681392     22.61%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20560271     13.80%     88.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5370555      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9828456      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2642010      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total             148982974                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.858580                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     835396                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005607                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         255189783                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87377429                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87284953                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123602816                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60318926                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60308284                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              87905638                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61911831                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7237093                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12509                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           96                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          898                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6345                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1381935                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           49                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3707                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                1114519                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3533829                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147621981                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2162                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29010080                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8015025                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 96879                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3354028                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           898                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           773                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2649                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                3422                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts            148978351                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30387972                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4622                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    38399947                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6674593                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   8011975                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.858522                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                     147594051                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                    147593237                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                112288679                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                183963609                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.841243                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610385                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          73696                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             2859                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     79979082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.844838                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.763600                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     43221443     54.04%     54.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10452077     13.07%     67.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4586134      5.73%     72.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4773905      5.97%     78.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3851157      4.82%     83.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1386197      1.73%     85.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       831372      1.04%     86.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       735843      0.92%     87.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10140954     12.68%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     79979082                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            99793172                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps             147548438                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      37006246                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                     28997571                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   6671538                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  60304004                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 98331188                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              608474                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76862836     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33678924     22.83%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20552492     13.93%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5366881      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8445079      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2641794      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total        147548438                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events             10140954                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   217460262                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  295256461                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            670                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         168431                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   99793172                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                    147548438                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.803257                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.803257                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.244932                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.244932                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               166193226                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               75240333                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                104240277                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                56098547                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 26391561                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                31941849                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               54986676                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           432717                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.495888                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           28964526                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           433229                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.857311                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        304882812                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   510.495888                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.997062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997062                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          202                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          282                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         59988179                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        59988179                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     20888482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20888482                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      7754570                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7754570                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     28643052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        28643052                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     28643052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       28643052                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       880310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       880310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       254113                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254113                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1134423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1134423                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1134423                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1134423                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13483130040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13483130040                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4538487636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4538487636                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18021617676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18021617676                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18021617676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18021617676                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     21768792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21768792                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8008683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8008683                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     29777475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29777475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     29777475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29777475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040439                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031730                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031730                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038097                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038097                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15316.343152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15316.343152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17860.115917                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17860.115917                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15886.153292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15886.153292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15886.153292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15886.153292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1585                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   132.083333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       394900                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           394900                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       476566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       476566                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          258                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          258                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       476824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       476824                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       476824                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       476824                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       403744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       403744                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       253855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       253855                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       657599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       657599                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       657599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       657599                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6906487266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6906487266                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4198271859                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4198271859                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11104759125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11104759125                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11104759125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11104759125                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018547                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031697                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17106.105022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17106.105022                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16538.070391                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16538.070391                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16886.824836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16886.824836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16886.824836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16886.824836                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              670                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          492.125584                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           11339818                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          9675.612628                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   492.125584                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.961183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22683820                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        22683820                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     11339823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11339823                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     11339823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        11339823                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     11339823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       11339823                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    145787400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145787400                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    145787400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    145787400                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    145787400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    145787400                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     11341322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11341322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     11341322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     11341322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     11341322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     11341322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97256.437625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97256.437625                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97256.437625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97256.437625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97256.437625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97256.437625                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          647                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    71.888889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          670                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              670                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    116663886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116663886                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    116663886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116663886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    116663886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116663886                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99203.984694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99203.984694                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99203.984694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99203.984694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99203.984694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99203.984694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2.tags.replacements               279269                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4017.892025                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l2.tags.total_refs                 808941                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283365                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.854767                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1842681474                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.224865                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    49.541290                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  3966.125869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.012095                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.968292                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980931                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          766                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3220                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9021821                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l2.tags.data_accesses             9021821                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       394900                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       394900                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          667                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          667                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data       224213                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224213                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data         6939                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             6939                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           95                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            95                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       144278                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144278                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              95                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data          151217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::total              151312                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             95                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data         151217                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::total             151312                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.conversionMisses                808941                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.l2.NumberOfConversion        69029634.057243                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data        22777                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22777                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       259392                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259392                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          1077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data        282169                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::total            283246                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data       282169                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::total           283246                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2638492200                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2638492200                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    114280605                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    114280605                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5464511685                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5464511685                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    114280605                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8103003885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8217284490                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    114280605                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8103003885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8217284490                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       394900                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       394900                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          667                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          667                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data       224213                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224213                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        29716                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29716                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1172                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1172                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       403670                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       403670                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst         1172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       433386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::total          434558                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         1172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       433386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::total         434558                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.766489                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.766489                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.918942                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.918942                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.642584                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642584                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.918942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.651080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.651803                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.918942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.651080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.651803                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 115840.198446                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115840.198446                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106110.125348                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106110.125348                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21066.616106                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21066.616106                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106110.125348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28716.846588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29011.122805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106110.125348                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28716.846588                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29011.122805                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.writebacks::writebacks          277937                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2.writebacks::total               277937                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       259392                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259392                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       282169                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283246                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       282169                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283246                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2547475308                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2547475308                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    109976913                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109976913                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4427981253                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4427981253                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    109976913                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6975456561                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7085433474                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    109976913                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6975456561                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7085433474                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.766489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766489                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.918942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.918942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.642584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642584                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.918942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.651080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651803                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.918942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.651080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651803                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111844.198446                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111844.198446                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102114.125348                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102114.125348                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17070.616106                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17070.616106                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102114.125348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24720.846588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25015.122805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102114.125348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24720.846588                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25015.122805                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1092319                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       657753                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          625                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          624                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       404846                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       672837                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          670                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39306                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224213                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224213                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        29716                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        29716                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1176                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       403670                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side         3018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side      1748072                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1751090                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side       117888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side     53010304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53128192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoops                     279273                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17788224                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       938044                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000684                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026193                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            937403     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               640      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        938044                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     627191847                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1174824                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    507615543                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                6697974                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          6697974                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect             2704                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             6038924                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 610611                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect               583                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups        6038924                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits           4371544                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses         1667380                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1811                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                        80159566                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34163018                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                     100063103                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    6697974                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           4982155                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     45816128                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                   7444                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1374                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                 11368349                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2038                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          79984445                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.850041                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.107298                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                55585633     69.50%     69.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                 1595665      1.99%     71.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                 1854879      2.32%     73.81% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1884589      2.36%     76.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1642056      2.05%     78.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                 1677112      2.10%     80.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1312789      1.64%     81.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                 1269003      1.59%     83.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                13162719     16.46%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            79984445                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.083558                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       1.248299                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                24555051                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             32795016                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 19155494                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles              3475162                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                  3722                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts             147959156                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                  3722                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                26602574                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                9063005                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles           784                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 20389454                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles             23924906                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts             147949681                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                   53                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents               5498351                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents              16449475                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.SQFullEvents                685238                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands          163645859                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            348540843                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       163703290                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104643270                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps            163550553                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                   95174                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                19                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts            17                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                 25553866                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            29048691                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            8024958                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6831269                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1569651                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147933780                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                462                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                149295358                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              120                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          74069                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        84647                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           410                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     79984445                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.866555                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.855264                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24737197     30.93%     30.93% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15421405     19.28%     50.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15392368     19.24%     69.45% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9524867     11.91%     81.36% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6487520      8.11%     89.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4249788      5.31%     94.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2536996      3.17%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             980812      1.23%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             653492      0.82%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       79984445                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  48582      5.81%      5.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.81% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               111376     13.33%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                583357     69.80%     88.94% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1549      0.19%     89.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            90907     10.88%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               6      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              907      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             77059026     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33785048     22.63%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20578884     13.78%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5375765      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9848859      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2646767      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total             149295358                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          1.862477                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     835777                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005598                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         255426248                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87499269                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87406293                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123984803                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60509898                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60498781                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              88027286                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses               62102942                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7233146                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12519                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          882                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6342                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382260                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           49                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3722                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                1204098                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles              5068749                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147934242                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2267                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29048691                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8024958                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               169                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 97812                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              4882197                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           882                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           770                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2650                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                3420                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149290579                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30426936                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4772                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    38448875                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 6691386                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   8021939                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    1.862418                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                     147905945                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                    147905074                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                112507327                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                184414784                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      1.845133                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610078                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts          74271                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts             2882                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     79972249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.848892                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.765309                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     43138376     53.94%     53.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10473469     13.10%     67.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4593859      5.74%     72.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4788781      5.99%     78.77% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3851573      4.82%     83.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1391661      1.74%     85.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       834913      1.04%     86.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       738482      0.92%     87.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10161135     12.71%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     79972249                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts           100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps             147860059                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      37054773                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                     29036158                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   6688311                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                  60494441                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 98477176                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              609425                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        77022312     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33782542     22.85%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20571030     13.91%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5372066      3.63%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8465128      5.73%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2646549      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total        147860059                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events             10161135                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   217745444                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  295881076                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            674                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                         175121                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                    147860059                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              0.801596                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        0.801596                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              1.247512                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        1.247512                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               166398464                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               75339705                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                104635122                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                56277338                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_reads                 26458423                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_writes                31981151                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads               55078909                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           433275                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.529282                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           29016257                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           433787                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.890564                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        281529855                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   510.529282                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.997128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997128                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          271                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60093787                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60093787                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     20930076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20930076                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      7763963                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7763963                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     28694039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        28694039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     28694039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       28694039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       881310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       881310                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       254651                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254651                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1135961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       1135961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1135961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      1135961                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  13499919900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13499919900                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4372048907                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4372048907                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  17871968807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17871968807                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  17871968807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17871968807                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     21811386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21811386                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      8018614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8018614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     29830000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29830000                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     29830000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29830000                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.040406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040406                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.031757                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031757                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.038081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038081                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.038081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038081                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15318.015114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15318.015114                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17168.787505                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17168.787505                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15732.907034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15732.907034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15732.907034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15732.907034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1431                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   102.214286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       395470                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           395470                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       477014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       477014                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       477284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       477284                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       477284                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       477284                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       404296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404296                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       254381                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       254381                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       658677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       658677                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       658677                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       658677                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6916363380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6916363380                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4031362934                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4031362934                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  10947726314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10947726314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  10947726314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10947726314                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.031724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022081                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022081                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17107.177365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17107.177365                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15847.736010                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15847.736010                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16620.781224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16620.781224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16620.781224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16620.781224                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              669                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          493.569569                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           11366856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1173                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          9690.414322                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   493.569569                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.964003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964003                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22737875                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        22737875                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     11366860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11366860                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     11366860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        11366860                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     11366860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       11366860                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         1489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1489                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1489                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    150996186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150996186                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    150996186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    150996186                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    150996186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    150996186                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11368349                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     11368349                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     11368349                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101407.781061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101407.781061                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101407.781061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101407.781061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101407.781061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101407.781061                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1218                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   243.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          669                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              669                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120944268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120944268                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120944268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120944268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120944268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120944268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102756.387426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102756.387426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102756.387426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102756.387426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102756.387426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102756.387426                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2.tags.replacements               279769                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4018.857874                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l2.tags.total_refs                 810090                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283865                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.853786                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1804680513                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.364511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    49.055133                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  3968.438230                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.011976                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.968857                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.981166                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          791                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3195                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9035513                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l2.tags.data_accesses             9035513                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       395470                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       395470                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          667                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          667                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data       224724                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224724                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data         6964                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             6964                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           97                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            97                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data       144319                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144319                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              97                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data          151283                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::total              151380                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             97                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data         151283                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::total             151380                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.conversionMisses                810090                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.l2.NumberOfConversion        69127682.060165                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          1076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data        282671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::total            283747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data       282671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::total           283747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2468942253                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2468942253                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118551330                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    118551330                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5474938914                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5474938914                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118551330                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7943881167                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8062432497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118551330                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7943881167                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8062432497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       395470                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       395470                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          667                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          667                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data       224724                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224724                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        29738                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29738                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         1173                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1173                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       404216                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404216                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst         1173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data       433954                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::total          435127                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         1173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data       433954                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::total         435127                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.765822                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.765822                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.917306                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.642966                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642966                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.652102                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.652102                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 108410.567006                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108410.567006                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 110177.815985                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110177.815985                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21065.802660                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21065.802660                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 110177.815985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28102.922362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28414.159434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 110177.815985                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28102.922362                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28414.159434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2.writebacks::total               278434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       282671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       282671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2377937349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2377937349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114251634                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114251634                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4436390502                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4436390502                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114251634                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6814327851                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6928579485                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114251634                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6814327851                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6928579485                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.765822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.765822                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.642966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651385                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.652102                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651385                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.652102                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 104414.567006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104414.567006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 106181.815985                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106181.815985                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17069.802660                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17069.802660                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 106181.815985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24106.922362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24418.159434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 106181.815985                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24106.922362                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24418.159434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1093966                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       658831                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           14                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          626                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          625                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405393                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       673904                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          669                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39307                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224724                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224724                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        29738                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        29738                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404216                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side         3019                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side      1750798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1753817                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side       117888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side     53083136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53201024                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoops                     279773                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17820032                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       939624                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000682                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026151                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            938984     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               639      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        939624                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     628119252                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1176155                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    508353470                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                6686030                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          6686030                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect             2735                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             6027764                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 609937                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect               596                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups        6027764                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits           4363489                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses         1664275                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1823                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                        80159566                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34104976                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      99914725                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    6686030                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           4973426                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     45880755                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                   7474                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 175                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1348                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                 11348943                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2072                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          79990998                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.847092                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.111578                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                55644568     69.56%     69.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                 1669343      2.09%     71.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                 1840753      2.30%     73.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 1974699      2.47%     76.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                 1459428      1.82%     78.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                 1590688      1.99%     80.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 1314172      1.64%     81.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                 1179197      1.47%     83.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                13318150     16.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            79990998                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.083409                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.246448                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                24574476                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             32854391                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 18970519                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              3587875                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                  3737                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             147735529                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                  3737                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                26666957                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                7535078                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles          1171                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 20286128                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles             25497927                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             147726003                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                   51                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents               5417429                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents              18004716                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents                781865                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          163418444                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            347997092                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       163556503                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104359554                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            163322902                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                   95444                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                19                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts            17                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 26726739                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads            29020904                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            8017717                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6818600                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores         1542807                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147709721                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                484                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                149071059                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              142                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          73674                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        84895                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           432                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     79990998                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.863598                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.857208                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24848086     31.06%     31.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15411302     19.27%     50.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15364912     19.21%     69.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9445807     11.81%     81.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6498586      8.12%     89.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4245689      5.31%     94.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2528510      3.16%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             986185      1.23%     99.17% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             661921      0.83%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       79990998                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  47980      5.83%      5.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               109792     13.34%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                573076     69.65%     88.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1484      0.18%     89.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            90463     10.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               9      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              914      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76944475     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33710587     22.61%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20565517     13.80%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5371917      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9834200      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2643347      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             149071059                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.859679                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     822804                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005520                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         255248226                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87412120                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87319084                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123707832                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60372618                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60361976                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              87929868                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61963081                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7233543                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12417                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          100                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          888                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6225                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382021                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           51                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3737                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                1198696                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3570411                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147710205                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2226                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29020904                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8017717                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               176                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 98974                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3384798                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           888                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           791                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2688                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                3479                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149066233                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30398936                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4822                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    38413602                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 6679317                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   8014666                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.859619                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     147681890                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    147681060                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                112406901                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                184147865                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.842339                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610417                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts          73837                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts             2893                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     79978869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.845943                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.765325                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     43223153     54.04%     54.04% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10450779     13.07%     67.11% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4588661      5.74%     72.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4774670      5.97%     78.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3815215      4.77%     83.59% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1394597      1.74%     85.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       832909      1.04%     86.37% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       738049      0.92%     87.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10160836     12.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     79978869                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            99851574                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             147636441                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                      37019974                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                     29008482                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   6676272                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                  60357733                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 98372472                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              608744                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76907880     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33708155     22.83%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20557740     13.92%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5368351      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8450742      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2643141      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total        147636441                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events             10160836                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   217528311                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  295432892                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                            674                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                         168568                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   99851574                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    147636441                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.802787                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.802787                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              1.245660                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        1.245660                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               166250431                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               75268385                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                104351593                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                56148951                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                 26410375                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes                31952877                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads               55012601                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           433783                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.493366                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           28974149                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           434295                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.715364                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        304945749                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   510.493366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.997057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997057                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60023723                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60023723                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data     20895664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20895664                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      7757001                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7757001                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data     28652665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        28652665                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data     28652665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       28652665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       887550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       887550                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       254499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254499                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1142049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       1142049                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1142049                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      1142049                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13509497313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13509497313                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4411433483                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4411433483                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  17920930796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17920930796                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  17920930796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17920930796                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data     21783214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21783214                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      8011500                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8011500                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data     29794714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29794714                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data     29794714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29794714                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.040745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040745                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031767                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031767                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.038331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038331                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.038331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038331                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15221.111276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15221.111276                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17333.794958                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17333.794958                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15691.910589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15691.910589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15691.910589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15691.910589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1225                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    94.230769                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       395860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           395860                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       482931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       482931                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       483253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       483253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       483253                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       483253                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       404619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404619                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       254177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       254177                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       658796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       658796                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       658796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       658796                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6913869210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6913869210                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4070714876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4070714876                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  10984584086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10984584086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  10984584086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10984584086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031727                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031727                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17087.356773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17087.356773                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16015.276268                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16015.276268                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16673.726140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16673.726140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16673.726140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16673.726140                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              659                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          493.546317                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           11347453                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1163                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          9757.053310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   493.546317                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.963958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963958                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22699053                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        22699053                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     11347453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11347453                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     11347453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        11347453                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     11347453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       11347453                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst         1490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          1490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         1490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    144392130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144392130                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    144392130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144392130                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    144392130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144392130                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     11348943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11348943                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     11348943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     11348943                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     11348943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     11348943                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 96907.469799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96907.469799                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 96907.469799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96907.469799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 96907.469799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96907.469799                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          315                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           45                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks          659                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total              659                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1167                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    115791426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115791426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    115791426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    115791426                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    115791426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    115791426                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 99221.444730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99221.444730                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 99221.444730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99221.444730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 99221.444730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99221.444730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2.tags.replacements               279490                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4017.847289                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l2.tags.total_refs                 811025                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283586                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.859891                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1834229601                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.382892                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    49.324635                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  3967.139762                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000338                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.012042                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.968540                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980920                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          789                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9040482                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l2.tags.data_accesses             9040482                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       395860                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       395860                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          656                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          656                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data       224282                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224282                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data         7219                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             7219                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst           87                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            87                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data       144905                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144905                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              87                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data          152124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::total              152211                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             87                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data         152124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::total             152211                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.conversionMisses                811025                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.l2.NumberOfConversion        69207468.729210                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data        22779                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22779                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data       259611                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259611                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          1076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data        282390                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::total            283466                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data       282390                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::total           283466                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2509246908                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2509246908                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    113458428                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    113458428                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5468077116                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5468077116                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    113458428                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7977324024                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8090782452                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    113458428                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7977324024                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8090782452                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       395860                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       395860                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          656                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          656                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data       224282                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224282                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        29998                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29998                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         1163                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1163                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       404516                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404516                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst         1163                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data       434514                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::total          435677                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         1163                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       434514                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::total         435677                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.759351                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.759351                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925193                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.925193                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.641782                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.641782                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925193                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649899                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.650633                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925193                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649899                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.650633                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 110156.148558                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110156.148558                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 105444.635688                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105444.635688                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21062.578689                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21062.578689                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 105444.635688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28249.314862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28542.338242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 105444.635688                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28249.314862                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28542.338242                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278156                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l2.writebacks::total               278156                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22779                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22779                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       259611                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259611                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       282390                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283466                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       282390                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283466                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2418222024                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2418222024                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    109158732                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109158732                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4430671560                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4430671560                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    109158732                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6848893584                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6958052316                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    109158732                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6848893584                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6958052316                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.759351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.759351                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925193                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.641782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641782                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925193                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649899                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650633                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925193                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649899                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650633                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 106160.148558                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106160.148558                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 101448.635688                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101448.635688                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17066.578689                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17066.578689                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 101448.635688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24253.314862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24546.338242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 101448.635688                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24253.314862                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24546.338242                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1094624                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       658939                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          629                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          628                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405683                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       674016                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          659                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39477                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224282                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224282                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        29998                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        29998                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1167                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404516                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side         2989                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side      1751594                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1754583                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side       116608                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side     53143936                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53260544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoops                     279495                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17802240                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       939454                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000688                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026254                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            938809     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               644      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        939454                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     628591446                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1166165                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    508765392                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                6686250                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted          6686250                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect             2692                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups             6028009                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                 609953                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect               581                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups        6028009                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits           4363750                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses         1664259                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1798                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                        80159566                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34107030                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                      99917686                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                    6686250                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches           4973703                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                     45880002                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                   7342                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 151                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1128                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                 11349381                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2068                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples          79991989                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.847124                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.111409                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                55633260     69.55%     69.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                 1677847      2.10%     71.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                 1847875      2.31%     73.96% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                 1974239      2.47%     76.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                 1461801      1.83%     78.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                 1587967      1.99%     80.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                 1307803      1.63%     81.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                 1184596      1.48%     83.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                13316601     16.65%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total            79991989                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.083412                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       1.246485                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                24569255                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles             32858251                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                 18992159                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles              3568653                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                  3671                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts             147740128                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                  3671                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                26675897                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                7499948                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles          1082                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                 20288850                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles             25522541                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts             147730732                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.ROBFullEvents                   82                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents               5359144                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LQFullEvents              17993577                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu3.rename.SQFullEvents                886674                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands          163423147                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups            348008868                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups       163559860                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104365507                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps            163328105                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                   94899                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                20                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts            18                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                 26734335                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads            29021660                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores            8017981                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6820772                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores         1551310                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147714863                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                478                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                149076535                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              112                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          73673                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        83747                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           426                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     79991989                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.863643                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.855981                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24827705     31.04%     31.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15418343     19.27%     50.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15357469     19.20%     69.51% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9489066     11.86%     81.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6485232      8.11%     89.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4240321      5.30%     94.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2541229      3.18%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             974843      1.22%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             657781      0.82%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       79991989                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  47935      5.77%      5.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               111292     13.40%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                578679     69.69%     88.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1455      0.18%     89.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            90981     10.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               9      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              883      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76947175     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33712355     22.61%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20565915     13.80%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5372110      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9834556      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2643439      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total             149076535                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          1.859747                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     830351                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005570                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         255259303                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87414175                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87321455                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123716219                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60375700                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60365164                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses              87937715                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61968288                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7237781                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12507                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          887                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6321                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382033                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           82                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3671                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                1163364                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3564115                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147715341                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2149                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29021660                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8017981                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               175                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 96579                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3383846                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           887                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           775                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2603                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                3378                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149071824                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30399713                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4711                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                    38414672                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                 6679634                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                   8014959                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    1.859689                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                     147687428                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                    147686619                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                112366233                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                184104383                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      1.842408                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610340                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts          73818                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts             2827                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     79979901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.845983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.764593                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     43206848     54.02%     54.02% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10458392     13.08%     67.10% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4588635      5.74%     72.84% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4776331      5.97%     78.81% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3838943      4.80%     83.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1387447      1.73%     85.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       832972      1.04%     86.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       736629      0.92%     87.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10153704     12.70%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     79979901                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts            99854982                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps             147641529                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                      37020777                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                     29009134                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                   6676541                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                  60360851                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                 98374838                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls              608757                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76910456     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33709864     22.83%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20558071     13.92%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5368427      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8451063      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2643216      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total        147641529                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events             10153704                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                   217541544                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                  295443027                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                            664                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                         167577                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   99854982                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                    147641529                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              0.802760                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        0.802760                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              1.245703                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        1.245703                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads               166254961                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes               75270283                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_reads                104357996                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                56151919                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_reads                 26411677                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_writes                31953585                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads               55014440                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           433671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.514895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           28975698                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           434183                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.736141                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        303136893                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   510.514895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.997099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60016923                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60016923                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data     20896976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20896976                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data      7757164                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7757164                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data     28654140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        28654140                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data     28654140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       28654140                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       882743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       882743                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data       254487                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254487                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data      1137230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       1137230                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data      1137230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      1137230                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  13499170650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13499170650                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4503130361                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4503130361                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data  18002301011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18002301011                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data  18002301011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18002301011                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data     21779719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21779719                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data      8011651                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8011651                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data     29791370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29791370                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data     29791370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29791370                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.040531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040531                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.031765                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031765                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.038173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038173                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.038173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038173                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15292.299854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15292.299854                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17694.932790                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17694.932790                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15829.956131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15829.956131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15829.956131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15829.956131                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1736                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               18                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    96.444444                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       395810                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           395810                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       478181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       478181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          299                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       478480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       478480                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       478480                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       478480                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       404562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       254188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       254188                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       658750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       658750                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       658750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       658750                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6914191554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6914191554                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4162573592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4162573592                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  11076765146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11076765146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  11076765146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11076765146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.018575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018575                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.031727                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031727                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17090.561036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17090.561036                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16375.964215                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16375.964215                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16814.823751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16814.823751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16814.823751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16814.823751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              674                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          492.135953                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           11347877                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          9649.555272                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   492.135953                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.961203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961203                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22699942                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        22699942                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst     11347883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11347883                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst     11347883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        11347883                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst     11347883                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       11347883                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst         1498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         1498                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1498                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    146147373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146147373                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    146147373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146147373                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    146147373                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146147373                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     11349381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11349381                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst     11349381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     11349381                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst     11349381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     11349381                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 97561.664219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97561.664219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 97561.664219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97561.664219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 97561.664219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97561.664219                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          465                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    66.428571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    118128087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118128087                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    118128087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118128087                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    118128087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118128087                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 100108.548305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100108.548305                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 100108.548305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100108.548305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 100108.548305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100108.548305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2.tags.replacements               279503                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4018.590672                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l2.tags.total_refs                 810888                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283599                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.859277                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1831506327                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.248771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    49.511024                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  3966.830877                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.012088                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.968465                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.981101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          790                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9039503                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l2.tags.data_accesses             9039503                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       395810                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       395810                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          671                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          671                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data       224341                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224341                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data         7164                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             7164                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           99                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            99                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data       144843                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144843                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst              99                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data          152007                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::total              152106                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst             99                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data         152007                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::total             152106                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.conversionMisses                810888                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.l2.NumberOfConversion        69195778.062195                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data       259628                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259628                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          1077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data        282402                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::total            283479                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         1077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data       282402                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::total           283479                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2600816247                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2600816247                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    115721163                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    115721163                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   5469458733                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5469458733                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    115721163                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   8070274980                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8185996143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    115721163                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   8070274980                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8185996143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       395810                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       395810                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          671                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          671                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data       224341                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224341                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data        29938                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29938                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         1176                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1176                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       404471                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404471                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data       434409                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::total          435585                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst         1176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data       434409                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::total         435585                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.760705                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.760705                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915816                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.915816                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.641895                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.641895                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650083                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.650801                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650083                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.650801                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 114201.117371                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114201.117371                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 107447.690808                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107447.690808                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 21066.521072                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21066.521072                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 107447.690808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 28577.258589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28876.904967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 107447.690808                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 28577.258589                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28876.904967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l2.writebacks::total               278171                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       259628                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259628                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       282402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283479                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       282402                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283479                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2509811343                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2509811343                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111417471                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111417471                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4431985245                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4431985245                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111417471                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6941796588                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7053214059                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111417471                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6941796588                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7053214059                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.760705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760705                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.915816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.641895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641895                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650801                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915816                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650801                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 110205.117371                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110205.117371                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103451.690808                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103451.690808                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17070.521072                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17070.521072                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103451.690808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 24581.258589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24880.904967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103451.690808                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 24581.258589                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24880.904967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1094501                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       658908                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           17                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          626                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          625                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405651                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       673981                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          674                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39419                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224341                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224341                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        29938                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        29938                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1180                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404471                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side         3030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side      1751397                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1754427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side       118400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side     53134016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53252416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoops                     279507                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17803200                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       939433                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000686                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026214                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            938790     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               642      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        939433                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     628527177                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1179152                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    508680144                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.replacements                         1                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 84491.697101                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                     2153344                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                     96136                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                     22.398935                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      1007.665709                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     20102.135292                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      1005.079495                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     20140.273837                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst      1004.677044                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     20113.099939                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst      1006.410925                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     20112.354862                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.007688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.153367                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.007668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.153658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.007665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.153451                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.007678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.153445                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.644620                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         96135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        96135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.733452                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                  36087816                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                 36087816                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1112698                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1112698                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data                 3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        259201                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data        259702                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data        259421                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data        259440                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1037784                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu0.data               259206                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu1.data               259707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu2.data               259426                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu3.data               259443                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                  1037802                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu0.data              259206                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu1.data              259707                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu2.data              259426                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu3.data              259443                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                 1037802                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.conversionMisses                          0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.l3.ConversionWrtBack                         0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.l3.NumberOfConversion                        0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           22772                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           22769                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data           22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           22771                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total               91086                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1072                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          191                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1071                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          195                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1071                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data          190                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1072                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data          188                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5050                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu0.data              22963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               1071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu1.data              22964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               1071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu2.data              22964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu3.data              22959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                  96136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              1072                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu0.data             22963                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              1071                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu1.data             22964                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              1071                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu2.data             22964                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              1072                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu3.data             22959                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total                 96136                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2441076480                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2271544515                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2311750602                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2403429831                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    9427801428                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    104890005                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     22618026                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109169055                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     22224087                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    104077152                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     21313665                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    106331229                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     22632012                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    513255231                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    104890005                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2463694506                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109169055                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2293768602                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    104077152                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2333064267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    106331229                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2426061843                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       9941056659                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    104890005                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2463694506                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109169055                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2293768602                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    104077152                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2333064267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    106331229                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2426061843                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      9941056659                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1112698                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1112698                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         22777                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         22774                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data         22779                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data         22774                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total             91104                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       259392                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         1076                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       259611                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         1077                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       259628                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1042834                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           282169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             1076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           282671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             1076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu2.data           282390                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             1077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu3.data           282402                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total              1133938                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          282169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            1076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          282671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            1076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu2.data          282390                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            1077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu3.data          282402                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total             1133938                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999868                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999802                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995357                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000736                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000750                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995353                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000732                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995357                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000724                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.004843                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.995357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.081380                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.995353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.081239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.995353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.081320                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.995357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.081299                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.084781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.995357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.081380                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.995353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.081239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.995353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.081320                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.995357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.081299                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.084781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107196.402600                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99764.790505                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101508.325371                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 105547.838523                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103504.396153                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97845.153918                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 118418.984293                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101931.890756                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 113969.676923                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97177.546218                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 112177.184211                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99189.579291                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 120383.042553                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101634.699208                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97845.153918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107289.748988                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101931.890756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99885.412036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97177.546218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101596.597588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99189.579291                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 105669.316739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103406.181441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97845.153918                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107289.748988                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101931.890756                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99885.412036                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97177.546218                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101596.597588                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99189.579291                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 105669.316739                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103406.181441                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22772                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22769                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22771                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          91086                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1072                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          191                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1071                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          195                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1071                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          190                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1072                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          188                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         5050                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         22963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          1071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         22964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          1071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         22964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         22959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             96136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            96136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2164340097                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1994814369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2034940124                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2126694269                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8320788859                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     91862630                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     20297591                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96153094                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     19855257                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     91061218                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     19004806                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     93304184                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     20348877                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    451887657                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     91862630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2184637688                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96153094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2014669626                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     91061218                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2053944930                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     93304184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2147043146                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8772676516                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     91862630                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2184637688                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96153094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2014669626                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     91061218                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2053944930                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     93304184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2147043146                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8772676516                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081380                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.081320                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.081299                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.084781                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081380                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.081320                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.081299                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.084781                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95043.917838                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87610.978480                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89353.654343                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 93394.856133                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91350.908581                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85692.751866                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106270.109948                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89778.799253                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 101821.830769                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85024.479925                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 100025.294737                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87037.485075                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 108238.707447                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89482.704356                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85692.751866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95137.294256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89778.799253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87731.650671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85024.479925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89441.949573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87037.485075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 93516.405157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91252.772281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85692.751866                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95137.294256                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89778.799253                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87731.650671                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85024.479925                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89441.949573                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87037.485075                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 93516.405157                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91252.772281                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         96136                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5050                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             91086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            91086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5050                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        96188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        96084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total       192272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 192272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      3078016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      3074688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total      6152704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6152704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             96136                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   96136    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               96136                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy            72442297                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer9.occupancy            72305367                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer9.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          521789856                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2249480                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1115542                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              1                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26693135145                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1042834                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1112698                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2845                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            91104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           91104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1042834                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       845140                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       846641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       845798                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       845839                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count::total               3383418                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35915712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35979584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35943808                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35945600                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size::total              143784704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                               1                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                         0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1133939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000001                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.000939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                1133938    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total            1133939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1119605274                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy         188703588                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer1.occupancy         189019990                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer2.occupancy         188845128                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer3.occupancy         188856110                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
