
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.026613                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26612973720                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                26612973720                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 170616                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   252266                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11365574                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8678196                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2341.54                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   399503730                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     590692452                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         33920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu0.data        734464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         34688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu1.data        735232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         34432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu2.data        735424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         34624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu3.data        735232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           3078016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        33920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        34688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        34432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        34624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       137664                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu0.inst            530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu0.data          11476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu1.inst            542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu1.data          11488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu2.inst            538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu2.data          11491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu3.inst            541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu3.data          11488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              48094                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu0.inst          1274566                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu0.data         27597968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu1.inst          1303424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu1.data         27626826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu2.inst          1293805                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu2.data         27634041                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu3.inst          1301020                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu3.data         27626826                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            115658477                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1274566                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      1303424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      1293805                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      1301020                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         5172815                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu0.inst         1274566                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu0.data        27597968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu1.inst         1303424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu1.data        27626826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu2.inst         1293805                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu2.data        27634041                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu3.inst         1301020                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu3.data        27626826                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           115658477                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      48094                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    48094                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               3078016                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                3078016                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             2803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             3068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             3124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             3210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             3223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             3285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             3343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             3263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             3276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             2951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            2820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            2818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            2791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            2741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            2676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            2702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  15494504319                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                48094                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  26829                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  14736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   5566                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    797                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                     42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        24836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   123.933645                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.028130                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   172.818415                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17967     72.34%     72.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4822     19.42%     91.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          225      0.91%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          416      1.67%     94.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          580      2.34%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          225      0.91%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           39      0.16%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      0.09%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          539      2.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        24836                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1382109163                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2283871663                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 240470000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    28737.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               47487.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      115.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   115.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   23258                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                48.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    322171.25                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   48.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                94776360                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                50374830                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              180777660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        316539600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy           428409720                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy            19039680                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy     1286649600                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy       54338400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy      5443007520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy            7873913370                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           295.867476                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         14520372510                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5031233                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    133954000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  22660790970                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    141475801                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    849922542                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2821799174                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                82552680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                43877790                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              162613500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        288266160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy           388038900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy            16077120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy     1157595330                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy       54084480                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy      5535845640                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy            7728951600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           290.420442                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         14609867264                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5387910                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    122012000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  23040709220                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    140883449                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    765563856                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2538417285                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         34688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu0.data        735168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         33856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu1.data        734464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu2.data        734272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu3.data        734144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           3074688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        34688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        33856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       136640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu0.inst            542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu0.data          11487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu1.inst            529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu1.data          11476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu2.inst            532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu2.data          11473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu3.inst            532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu3.data          11471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              48042                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu0.inst          1303424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu0.data         27624421                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu1.inst          1272161                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu1.data         27597968                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu2.inst          1279376                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu2.data         27590754                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu3.inst          1279376                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu3.data         27585944                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            115533425                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1303424                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      1272161                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      1279376                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      1279376                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         5134338                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu0.inst         1303424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu0.data        27624421                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu1.inst         1272161                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu1.data        27597968                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu2.inst         1279376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu2.data        27590754                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu3.inst         1279376                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu3.data        27585944                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           115533425                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      48042                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    48042                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               3074688                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                3074688                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             2793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             3070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             3122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             3201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             3223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             3265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             3346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             3257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             3283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             2941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            2817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            2832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            2795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            2730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            2682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            2685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  15497180619                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                48042                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  26785                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  14731                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   5670                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                     79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        24808                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   123.939374                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.969318                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   173.019204                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17972     72.44%     72.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4812     19.40%     91.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          200      0.81%     92.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          411      1.66%     94.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          569      2.29%     96.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          243      0.98%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           41      0.17%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           24      0.10%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          536      2.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        24808                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1388665985                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2289453485                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 240210000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    28905.25                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               47655.25                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      115.53                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   115.53                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.18                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   23234                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                48.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    322575.68                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   48.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                94519320                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                50238210                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              180477780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        317154240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy           427180230                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy            19065120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy     1298596800                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy       48277440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy      5441138820                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy            7876647960                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           295.970230                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         14523105402                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      4777965                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    134214000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  22653004720                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    125723418                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    847320114                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2847933503                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                82609800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                43908150                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              162542100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        286422240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy           387375990                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy            15786720                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy     1148547720                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy       56368320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy      5539158300                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy            7722719340                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           290.186261                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         14619652591                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5100789                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    121226000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  23056817720                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    146793724                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    764168370                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2518867117                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                6681561                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          6681561                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             2688                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             6023615                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 609691                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               575                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        6023615                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           4360670                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1662945                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1795                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        79918841                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34083914                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      99860742                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    6681561                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4970361                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     45661083                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   7402                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1367                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                 11341945                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2092                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          79750258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.851647                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.113861                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                55401980     69.47%     69.47% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 1681068      2.11%     71.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1847022      2.32%     73.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1974852      2.48%     76.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1462698      1.83%     78.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1581897      1.98%     80.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1303627      1.63%     81.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                 1189267      1.49%     83.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                13307847     16.69%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            79750258                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.083604                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.249527                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                24570696                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             32624628                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 18994991                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              3556242                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  3701                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             147654282                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  3701                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                26675708                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7221082                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles           970                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 20282999                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             25565798                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             147644900                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                   67                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               5326039                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents              17979833                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                981069                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          163335550                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            347799749                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       163503655                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104256882                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps            163240523                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   94842                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                20                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            18                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 26690812                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            29010938                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8015301                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6811915                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1557081                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147628729                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                472                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                148990217                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              127                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          73496                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        83703                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           420                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     79750258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.868210                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.855657                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24623917     30.88%     30.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15392425     19.30%     50.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15348414     19.25%     69.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9500145     11.91%     81.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6479179      8.12%     89.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4235434      5.31%     94.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2541982      3.19%     97.96% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             975345      1.22%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             653417      0.82%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       79750258                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  47156      5.68%      5.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.68% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               111787     13.45%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.13% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                579082     69.69%     88.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1122      0.14%     88.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            91726     11.04%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               8      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              900      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76902973     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  75      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33683803     22.61%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20560657     13.80%     88.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5370712      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9828940      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2642129      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total             148990217                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.864269                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     830881                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005577                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         254949017                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87380286                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87287749                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123612678                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60323274                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60312693                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              87902923                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61917275                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7238413                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12461                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           99                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          893                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6390                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1381943                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           49                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3701                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                1032850                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3444995                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147629201                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2162                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29010938                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8015301                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 97522                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3265216                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           893                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           774                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2649                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                3423                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts            148985559                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30388847                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4653                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    38401095                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6674985                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   8012248                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.864211                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                     147601273                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                    147600442                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                112298815                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                183977564                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.846879                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610394                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          73657                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             2856                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     79738214                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.850500                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.766146                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     42979880     53.90%     53.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10455405     13.11%     67.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4585921      5.75%     72.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4775963      5.99%     78.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3840635      4.82%     83.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1388838      1.74%     85.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       831184      1.04%     86.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       736530      0.92%     87.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10143858     12.72%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     79738214                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            99797917                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps             147555544                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      37007347                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                     28998452                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   6671916                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  60308395                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 98334463                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              608494                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76866447     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33681318     22.83%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20552922     13.93%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5366992      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8445530      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2641903      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total        147555544                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events             10143858                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   217223557                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  295270726                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            670                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         168583                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   99797917                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                    147555544                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.800807                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.800807                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.248741                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.248741                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               166197943                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               75242596                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                104249333                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                56102684                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 26393007                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                31942709                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               54988841                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           432750                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.491357                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           28965328                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           433262                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.854070                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        304882812                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   510.491357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.997053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997053                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          207                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          279                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         59987740                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        59987740                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     20888239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20888239                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      7754800                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7754800                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     28643039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        28643039                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     28643039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       28643039                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       880101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       880101                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       254099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254099                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1134200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1134200                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1134200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1134200                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13326008985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13326008985                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4478590926                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4478590926                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17804599911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17804599911                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17804599911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17804599911                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     21768340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21768340                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8008899                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8008899                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     29777239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29777239                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     29777239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29777239                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040430                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031727                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038089                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038089                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15141.454202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15141.454202                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17625.378006                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17625.378006                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15697.936793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15697.936793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15697.936793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15697.936793                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1579                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   131.583333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       394920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           394920                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       476311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       476311                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          259                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       476570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       476570                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       476570                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       476570                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       403790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       403790                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       253840                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       253840                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       657630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       657630                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       657630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       657630                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6851572236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6851572236                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4138691166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4138691166                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10990263402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10990263402                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10990263402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10990263402                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018549                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031695                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031695                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022085                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022085                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16968.157300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16968.157300                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16304.330153                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16304.330153                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16711.925250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16711.925250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16711.925250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16711.925250                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              670                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          492.129210                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           11340441                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          9676.144198                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   492.129210                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.961190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961190                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22685066                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        22685066                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     11340446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11340446                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     11340446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        11340446                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     11340446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       11340446                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    145796391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145796391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    145796391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    145796391                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    145796391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    145796391                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     11341945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11341945                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     11341945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     11341945                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     11341945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     11341945                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97262.435624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97262.435624                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97262.435624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97262.435624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97262.435624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97262.435624                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          646                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    71.777778                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          670                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              670                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    116801748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116801748                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    116801748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116801748                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    116801748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116801748                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99321.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99321.214286                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99321.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99321.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99321.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99321.214286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2.tags.replacements               279280                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4017.656755                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l2.tags.total_refs                 808994                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283376                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.854843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1842681474                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.225208                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    49.686771                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  3965.744776                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000543                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.012131                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.968199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980873                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          775                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3213                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9022344                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l2.tags.data_accesses             9022344                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       394920                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       394920                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          667                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          667                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data       224211                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224211                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data         6921                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             6921                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           95                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            95                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       144318                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144318                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              95                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data          151239                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::total              151334                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             95                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data         151239                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::total             151334                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.conversionMisses                808994                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.l2.NumberOfConversion        69034156.724045                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data        22777                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22777                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       259403                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259403                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          1077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data        282180                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::total            283257                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data       282180                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::total           283257                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2638490202                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2638490202                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    114418134                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    114418134                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5462775090                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5462775090                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    114418134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8101265292                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8215683426                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    114418134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8101265292                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8215683426                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       394920                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       394920                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          667                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          667                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data       224211                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224211                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        29698                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29698                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1172                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1172                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       403721                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       403721                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst         1172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       433419                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::total          434591                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         1172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       433419                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::total         434591                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.766954                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.766954                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.918942                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.918942                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.642530                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642530                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.918942                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.651056                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.651778                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.918942                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.651056                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.651778                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 115840.110726                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115840.110726                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106237.821727                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106237.821727                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21059.028192                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21059.028192                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106237.821727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28709.565852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29004.343850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106237.821727                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28709.565852                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29004.343850                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.writebacks::writebacks          277948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2.writebacks::total               277948                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       259403                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259403                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       282180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283257                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       282180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283257                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2547473310                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2547473310                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    110114442                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110114442                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4426200702                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4426200702                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    110114442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6973674012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7083788454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    110114442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6973674012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7083788454                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.766954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.766954                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.918942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.918942                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.642530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642530                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.918942                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.651056                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651778                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.918942                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.651056                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651778                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111844.110726                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111844.110726                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102241.821727                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102241.821727                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17063.028192                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17063.028192                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102241.821727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24713.565852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25008.343850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102241.821727                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24713.565852                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25008.343850                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1092383                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       657784                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          625                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          624                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       404897                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       672868                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          670                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39319                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224211                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224211                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        29698                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        29698                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1176                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       403721                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side         3018                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side      1748167                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1751185                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side       117888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side     53013696                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53131584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoops                     279284                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17788928                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       938086                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000684                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026192                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            937445     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               640      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        938086                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     627226479                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1175156                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    507647844                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                6697937                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          6697937                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect             2701                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             6038890                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 610606                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect               583                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups        6038890                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits           4371526                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses         1667364                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1811                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                        79918841                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34162891                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                     100063036                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    6697937                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           4982132                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     45575547                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                   7434                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1374                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                 11368303                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2029                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          79743732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.855622                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.110392                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                55354543     69.42%     69.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                 1586256      1.99%     71.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                 1846972      2.32%     73.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1891395      2.37%     76.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1641829      2.06%     78.15% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                 1676936      2.10%     80.25% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1313230      1.65%     81.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                 1272137      1.60%     83.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                13160434     16.50%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            79743732                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.083809                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       1.252058                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                24580848                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             32527357                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 19177340                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles              3454470                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                  3717                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts             147958861                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                  3717                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                26617996                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                8875319                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles           784                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 20401247                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles             23844669                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts             147949405                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                   54                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents               5493263                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents              16384010                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.SQFullEvents                685238                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands          163645546                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            348540306                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       163702990                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104643274                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps            163550553                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                   94861                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                19                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts            17                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                 25476384                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            29048680                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            8024895                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6832028                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1543111                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147933374                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                462                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                149295049                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              125                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          73663                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        84137                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           410                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     79743732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.872185                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.856581                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24535628     30.77%     30.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15396759     19.31%     50.08% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15371678     19.28%     69.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9505588     11.92%     81.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6515854      8.17%     89.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4234026      5.31%     94.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2541928      3.19%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             985112      1.24%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             657159      0.82%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       79743732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  48122      5.82%      5.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.82% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               109802     13.28%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                575678     69.63%     88.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1149      0.14%     88.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            91960     11.12%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               8      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              907      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             77058817     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33785024     22.63%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20578860     13.78%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5375717      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9848861      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2646761      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total             149295049                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          1.868083                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     826719                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005537                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         255177026                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87498558                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87406042                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123983641                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60509796                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60498758                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              88019034                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses               62101827                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7234536                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12508                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           99                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          883                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6279                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382260                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           49                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3717                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                1126195                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles              4971802                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147933836                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2262                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29048680                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8024895                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               169                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 95544                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              4788148                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           883                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           773                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2651                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                3424                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149290321                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30426928                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4721                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    38448820                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 6691377                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   8021892                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    1.868024                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                     147905669                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                    147904800                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                112519312                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                184430691                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      1.850687                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610090                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts          73840                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts             2879                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     79731631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.854472                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.768331                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     42907695     53.82%     53.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10474695     13.14%     66.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4593638      5.76%     72.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4786061      6.00%     78.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3831910      4.81%     83.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1392965      1.75%     85.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       834641      1.05%     86.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       740614      0.93%     87.25% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10169412     12.75%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     79731631                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts           100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps             147860059                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      37054773                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                     29036158                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   6688311                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                  60494441                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 98477176                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              609425                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        77022312     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33782542     22.85%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20571030     13.91%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5372066      3.63%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8465128      5.73%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2646549      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total        147860059                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events             10169412                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   217496118                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  295880118                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            673                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                         175109                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                    147860059                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              0.799188                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        0.799188                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              1.251269                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        1.251269                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               166398237                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               75339507                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                104635112                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                56277312                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_reads                 26458473                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_writes                31981127                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads               55078806                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           433298                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.524852                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           29012257                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           433810                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.877797                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        281529855                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   510.524852                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.997119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997119                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          212                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          271                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60091014                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60091014                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     20925357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20925357                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      7763939                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7763939                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     28689296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        28689296                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     28689296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       28689296                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       884631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       884631                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       254675                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254675                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1139306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       1139306                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1139306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      1139306                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  13353886080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13353886080                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4313074607                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4313074607                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  17666960687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17666960687                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  17666960687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17666960687                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     21809988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21809988                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      8018614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8018614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     29828602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29828602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     29828602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29828602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.040561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040561                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.031760                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031760                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.038195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038195                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.038195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038195                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15095.430841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15095.430841                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16935.602658                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 16935.602658                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15506.774025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15506.774025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15506.774025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15506.774025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1431                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   102.214286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       395489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           395489                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       480340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       480340                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          270                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       480610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       480610                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       480610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       480610                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       404291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404291                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       254405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       254405                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       658696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       658696                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       658696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       658696                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6864418710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6864418710                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   3972353003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   3972353003                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  10836771713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10836771713                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  10836771713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10836771713                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018537                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.031727                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031727                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022083                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022083                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16978.905566                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16978.905566                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15614.288253                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15614.288253                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16451.855959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16451.855959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16451.855959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16451.855959                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              669                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          493.573835                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           11366810                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1173                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          9690.375107                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   493.573835                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.964011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.964011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22737783                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        22737783                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     11366814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11366814                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     11366814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        11366814                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     11366814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       11366814                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         1489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1489                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1489                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    150989859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150989859                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    150989859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    150989859                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    150989859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    150989859                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11368303                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     11368303                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     11368303                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101403.531901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101403.531901                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101403.531901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101403.531901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101403.531901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101403.531901                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1216                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   243.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          669                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              669                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120937608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120937608                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120937608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120937608                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120937608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120937608                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102750.728972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102750.728972                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102750.728972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102750.728972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102750.728972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102750.728972                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2.tags.replacements               279769                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4018.625513                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l2.tags.total_refs                 810132                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283865                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.853934                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1804680513                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.365118                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    49.198867                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  3968.061527                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.012011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.968765                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.981110                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          793                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3193                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9035849                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l2.tags.data_accesses             9035849                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       395489                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       395489                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          667                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          667                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data       224720                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224720                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data         6993                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             6993                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           97                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            97                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data       144313                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144313                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              97                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data          151306                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::total              151403                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             97                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data         151306                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::total             151403                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.conversionMisses                810132                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.l2.NumberOfConversion        69131266.060272                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          1076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data        282671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::total            283747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data       282671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::total           283747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2468942253                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2468942253                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118544670                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    118544670                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5474222631                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5474222631                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118544670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7943164884                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8061709554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118544670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7943164884                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8061709554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       395489                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       395489                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          667                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          667                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data       224720                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224720                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        29767                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29767                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         1173                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1173                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       404210                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404210                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst         1173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data       433977                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::total          435150                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         1173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data       433977                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::total         435150                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.765075                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.765075                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.917306                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.642975                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642975                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651350                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.652067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651350                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.652067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 108410.567006                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108410.567006                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 110171.626394                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110171.626394                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21063.046634                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21063.046634                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 110171.626394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28100.388381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28411.611591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 110171.626394                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28100.388381                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28411.611591                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2.writebacks::total               278434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       282671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       282671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2377937349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2377937349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114244974                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114244974                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4435674219                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4435674219                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114244974                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6813611568                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6927856542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114244974                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6813611568                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6927856542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.765075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.765075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.642975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642975                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651350                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.652067                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651350                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.652067                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 104414.567006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104414.567006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 106175.626394                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106175.626394                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17067.046634                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17067.046634                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 106175.626394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24104.388381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24415.611591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 106175.626394                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24104.388381                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24415.611591                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1094008                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       658850                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           14                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          626                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          625                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405387                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       673923                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          669                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39311                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224720                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224720                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        29767                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        29767                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404210                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side         3019                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side      1750859                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1753878                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side       117888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side     53085824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53203712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoops                     279773                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17820032                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       939643                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000682                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026150                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            939003     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               639      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        939643                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     628145892                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1176155                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    508375115                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                6685659                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          6685659                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect             2736                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             6027426                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 609911                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect               593                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups        6027426                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits           4363245                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses         1664181                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1826                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                        79918841                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34103227                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      99910162                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    6685659                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           4973156                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     45641083                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                   7480                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 175                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1348                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                 11348359                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2068                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          79749580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.852597                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.114446                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                55395520     69.46%     69.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                 1675108      2.10%     71.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                 1850945      2.32%     73.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 1966398      2.47%     76.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                 1463813      1.84%     78.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                 1588777      1.99%     80.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 1311547      1.64%     81.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                 1180545      1.48%     83.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                13316927     16.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            79749580                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.083656                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.250145                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                24570982                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             32618984                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 18961125                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              3594749                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                  3740                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             147728741                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                  3740                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                26667706                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                7359843                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles          1171                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 20278762                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles             25438358                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             147719179                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                   51                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents               5411042                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents              17936876                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents                781881                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          163411512                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            347980427                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       163552051                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104350787                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            163315975                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                   95444                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                19                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts            17                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 26777081                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads            29020079                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            8017512                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6824386                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores         1557555                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147702983                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                484                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                149064406                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              141                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          73766                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        84824                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           432                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     79749580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.869156                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.856427                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24613925     30.86%     30.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15381863     19.29%     50.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15379231     19.28%     69.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9460636     11.86%     81.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6493480      8.14%     89.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4244624      5.32%     94.76% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2540293      3.19%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             980849      1.23%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             654679      0.82%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       79749580                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  47943      5.77%      5.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               110779     13.32%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.09% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                580103     69.78%     88.87% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1035      0.12%     88.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            91501     11.01%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               8      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              920      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76941029     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33708390     22.61%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20565140     13.80%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5371808      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9833781      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2643236      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             149064406                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.865197                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     831369                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005577                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         255008278                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87409582                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87316549                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123701624                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60368515                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60357867                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              87933902                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61960953                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7234848                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12410                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           99                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          895                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6247                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382016                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           51                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3740                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                1117975                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3465602                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147703467                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2219                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29020079                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8017512                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               176                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 95480                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3284069                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           895                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           785                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2691                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                3476                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149059610                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30398158                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4796                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    38412619                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 6678955                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   8014461                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.865137                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     147675251                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    147674416                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                112391730                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                184139042                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.847805                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610363                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts          73932                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts             2894                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     79737430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.851447                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.766796                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     42965437     53.88%     53.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10459808     13.12%     67.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4588015      5.75%     72.76% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4775469      5.99%     78.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3838228      4.81%     83.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1388811      1.74%     85.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       832502      1.04%     86.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       737872      0.93%     87.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10151288     12.73%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     79737430                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            99847081                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             147629632                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                      37018910                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                     29007646                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   6675904                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                  60353592                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 98369249                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              608721                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76904378     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33705912     22.83%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20557352     13.92%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5368230      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8450294      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2643034      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total        147629632                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events             10151288                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   217289706                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  295419459                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                            673                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                         169261                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   99847081                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    147629632                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.800412                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.800412                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              1.249356                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        1.249356                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               166246213                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               75266299                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                104343014                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                56145105                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                 26408914                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes                31952047                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads               55010678                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           433749                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.488828                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           28976557                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           434261                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.726132                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        304945749                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   510.488828                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.997048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997048                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60019075                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60019075                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data     20897555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20897555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      7756783                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7756783                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data     28654338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        28654338                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data     28654338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       28654338                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       883581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       883581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       254488                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254488                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1138069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       1138069                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1138069                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      1138069                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13340610702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13340610702                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4352210432                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4352210432                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  17692821134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17692821134                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  17692821134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17692821134                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data     21781136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21781136                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      8011271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8011271                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data     29792407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29792407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data     29792407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29792407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.040566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040566                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031766                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031766                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.038200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038200                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.038200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038200                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15098.344919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15098.344919                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17101.829682                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17101.829682                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15546.351877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15546.351877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15546.351877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15546.351877                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1224                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    94.153846                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       395856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           395856                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       478976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       478976                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          323                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       479299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       479299                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       479299                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       479299                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       404605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404605                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       254165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       254165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       658770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       658770                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       658770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       658770                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6860292840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6860292840                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4011500816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4011500816                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  10871793656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10871793656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  10871793656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10871793656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018576                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031726                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031726                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16955.531543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16955.531543                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15783.057526                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 15783.057526                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16503.170539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16503.170539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16503.170539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16503.170539                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              658                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          493.549272                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           11346871                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          9764.949225                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   493.549272                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.963963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963963                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22697884                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        22697884                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     11346871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11346871                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     11346871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        11346871                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     11346871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       11346871                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst         1488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          1488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         1488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    144389466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144389466                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    144389466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144389466                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    144389466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144389466                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     11348359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11348359                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     11348359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     11348359                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     11348359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     11348359                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97035.931452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97035.931452                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97035.931452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97035.931452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97035.931452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97035.931452                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          315                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           45                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks          658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total              658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    115845039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115845039                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    115845039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    115845039                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    115845039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    115845039                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 99352.520583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99352.520583                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 99352.520583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99352.520583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 99352.520583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99352.520583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2.tags.replacements               279477                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4017.611884                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l2.tags.total_refs                 810983                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283573                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.859874                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1834229601                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.372592                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    49.458446                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  3966.780846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000335                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.012075                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.968452                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          790                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3196                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9040029                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l2.tags.data_accesses             9040029                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       395856                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       395856                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          655                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          655                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data       224283                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224283                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data         7207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             7207                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst           87                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            87                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data       144901                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144901                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              87                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data          152108                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::total              152195                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             87                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data         152108                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::total             152195                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.conversionMisses                810983                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.l2.NumberOfConversion        69203884.729103                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data        22779                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22779                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1075                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1075                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data       259600                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259600                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          1075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data        282379                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::total            283454                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data       282379                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::total           283454                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2509270218                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2509270218                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    113513040                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    113513040                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5466686841                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5466686841                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    113513040                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7975957059                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8089470099                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    113513040                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7975957059                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8089470099                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       395856                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       395856                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          655                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          655                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data       224283                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224283                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        29986                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29986                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         1162                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1162                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       404501                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404501                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst         1162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data       434487                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::total          435649                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         1162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       434487                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::total         435649                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.759655                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.759655                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925129                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.925129                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.641778                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.641778                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649914                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.650648                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649914                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.650648                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 110157.171869                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110157.171869                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 105593.525581                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105593.525581                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21058.115720                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21058.115720                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 105593.525581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28245.574419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28538.916717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 105593.525581                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28245.574419                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28538.916717                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278145                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l2.writebacks::total               278145                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22779                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22779                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1075                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1075                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       259600                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259600                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       282379                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283454                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       282379                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283454                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2418245334                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2418245334                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    109217340                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109217340                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4429325241                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4429325241                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    109217340                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6847570575                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6956787915                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    109217340                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6847570575                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6956787915                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.759655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.759655                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.641778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641778                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649914                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650648                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649914                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650648                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 106161.171869                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106161.171869                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 101597.525581                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101597.525581                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17062.115720                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17062.115720                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 101597.525581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24249.574419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24542.916717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 101597.525581                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24249.574419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24542.916717                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1094569                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       658912                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          628                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          627                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405667                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       674001                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          658                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39452                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224283                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224282                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        29986                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        29986                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1166                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404501                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side         2986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side      1751514                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1754500                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side       116480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side     53141952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53258432                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoops                     279482                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17801536                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       939414                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000687                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026235                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            938770     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               643      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        939414                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     628569801                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1165498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    508738419                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                6686527                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted          6686527                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect             2705                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups             6028266                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                 609973                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect               589                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups        6028266                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits           4363910                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses         1664356                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1806                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                        79918841                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34108482                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                      99921576                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                    6686527                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches           4973883                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                     45637721                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                   7372                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 151                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1128                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                 11349859                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2072                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples          79751175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.852774                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.114460                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                55386524     69.45%     69.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                 1682972      2.11%     71.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                 1854481      2.33%     73.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                 1966905      2.47%     76.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                 1463204      1.83%     78.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                 1586265      1.99%     80.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                 1308219      1.64%     81.82% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                 1186050      1.49%     83.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                13316555     16.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total            79751175                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.083666                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       1.250288                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                24581942                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles             32602597                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                 18993903                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles              3569047                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                  3686                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts             147745810                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                  3686                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                26693384                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                7319512                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles          1082                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                 20285656                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles             25447855                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts             147736316                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.ROBFullEvents                   70                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents               5350659                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LQFullEvents              17918894                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu3.rename.SQFullEvents                886668                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands          163428792                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups            348022412                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups       163562937                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104373385                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps            163333854                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                   94828                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                20                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts            18                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                 26741490                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads            29022278                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores            8018063                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6819177                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores         1569492                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147720323                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                478                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                149081860                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              113                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          73494                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        84504                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           426                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     79751175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.869337                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.855696                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24584936     30.83%     30.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15407887     19.32%     50.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15372269     19.28%     69.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9497044     11.91%     81.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6461715      8.10%     89.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4256629      5.34%     94.77% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2538433      3.18%     97.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             980396      1.23%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             651866      0.82%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       79751175                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  47930      5.73%      5.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.73% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               111607     13.33%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                584669     69.85%     88.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1068      0.13%     89.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            91733     10.96%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               7      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              888      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76949859     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33714253     22.61%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20566219     13.80%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5372134      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9834902      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2643503      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total             149081860                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          1.865416                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     837014                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005614                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         255027764                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87415700                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87323232                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123724258                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60379457                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60368661                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses              87945185                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61972801                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7239179                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12454                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          892                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6236                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382039                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           82                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3686                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                1084333                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3463918                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147720801                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2170                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29022278                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8018063                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               175                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 96099                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3284764                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           892                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           783                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2615                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                3398                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149077140                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30400362                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4720                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                    38415410                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                 6679899                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                   8015048                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    1.865357                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                     147692713                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                    147691893                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                112367011                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                184111472                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      1.848023                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610321                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts          73636                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts             2840                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     79739124                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.851628                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.766279                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     42954470     53.87%     53.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10461090     13.12%     66.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4588353      5.75%     72.74% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4776899      5.99%     78.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3854416      4.83%     83.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1389160      1.74%     85.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       832685      1.04%     86.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       737258      0.92%     87.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10144793     12.72%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     79739124                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts            99858732                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps             147647217                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                      37021617                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                     29009792                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                   6676858                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                  60364377                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                 98377446                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls              608775                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76913396     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33711772     22.83%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20558369     13.92%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5368523      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8451423      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2643302      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total        147647217                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events             10144793                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                   217315184                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                  295453946                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                            663                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                         167666                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   99858732                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                    147647217                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              0.800319                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        0.800319                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              1.249502                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        1.249502                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads               166257895                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes               75271770                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_reads                104365432                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                56155226                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_reads                 26412711                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_writes                31954133                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads               55015892                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           433675                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.510422                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           28976097                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           434187                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.736445                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        303136893                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   510.510422                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.997091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997091                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60015771                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60015771                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data     20896424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20896424                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data      7757360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7757360                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data     28653784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        28653784                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data     28653784                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       28653784                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       882540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       882540                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data       254468                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254468                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data      1137008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       1137008                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data      1137008                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      1137008                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  13344165810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13344165810                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4443127424                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4443127424                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data  17787293234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  17787293234                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data  17787293234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  17787293234                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data     21778964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21778964                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data      8011828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8011828                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data     29790792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29790792                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data     29790792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29790792                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.040523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040523                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.031762                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031762                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.038166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038166                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.038166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038166                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15120.182439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15120.182439                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17460.456419                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17460.456419                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15643.947302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15643.947302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15643.947302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15643.947302                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1735                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               18                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    96.388889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       395787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           395787                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       477950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       477950                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          319                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       478269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       478269                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       478269                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       478269                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       404590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404590                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       254149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       254149                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       658739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       658739                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       658739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       658739                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6862247217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6862247217                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4102507385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4102507385                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  10964754602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  10964754602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  10964754602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  10964754602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.018577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.031722                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031722                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16960.990675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16960.990675                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16142.134673                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16142.134673                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16645.066714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16645.066714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16645.066714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16645.066714                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              675                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          492.139743                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           11348354                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1177                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          9641.762107                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   492.139743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.961210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961210                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22700899                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        22700899                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst     11348360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11348360                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst     11348360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        11348360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst     11348360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       11348360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst         1499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         1499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    146293227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146293227                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    146293227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146293227                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    146293227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146293227                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     11349859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11349859                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst     11349859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     11349859                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst     11349859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     11349859                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 97593.880587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97593.880587                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 97593.880587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97593.880587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 97593.880587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97593.880587                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          465                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    66.428571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    118253961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118253961                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    118253961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118253961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    118253961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118253961                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 100130.364945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100130.364945                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 100130.364945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100130.364945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 100130.364945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100130.364945                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2.tags.replacements               279516                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4018.357506                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l2.tags.total_refs                 810868                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283612                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.859075                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1831506327                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.266289                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    49.673566                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  3966.417651                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000553                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.012127                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.968364                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.981044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          791                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9039476                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l2.tags.data_accesses             9039476                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       395787                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       395787                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          672                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          672                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data       224324                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224324                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data         7150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             7150                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           99                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            99                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data       144850                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144850                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst              99                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data          152000                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::total              152099                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst             99                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data         152000                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::total             152099                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.conversionMisses                810868                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.l2.NumberOfConversion        69194071.395477                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data       259641                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259641                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          1078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data        282415                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::total            283493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data       282415                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::total           283493                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2600823240                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2600823240                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    115845372                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    115845372                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   5468811381                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5468811381                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    115845372                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   8069634621                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8185479993                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    115845372                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   8069634621                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8185479993                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       395787                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       395787                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          672                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          672                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data       224324                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224324                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data        29924                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29924                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         1177                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1177                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       404491                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404491                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data       434415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::total          435592                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst         1177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data       434415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::total         435592                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.761061                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.761061                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915888                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.915888                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.641896                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.641896                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915888                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.650822                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915888                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.650822                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 114201.424431                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114201.424431                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 107463.239332                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107463.239332                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 21062.973032                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21062.973032                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 107463.239332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 28573.675694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28873.658231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 107463.239332                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 28573.675694                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28873.658231                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l2.writebacks::total               278182                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       259641                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259641                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       282415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       282415                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283493                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2509818336                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2509818336                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111537684                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111537684                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4431293937                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4431293937                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111537684                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6941112273                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7052649957                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111537684                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6941112273                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7052649957                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.761061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.761061                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.915888                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.641896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641896                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915888                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650822                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915888                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650822                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 110205.424431                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110205.424431                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103467.239332                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103467.239332                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17067.003813                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17067.003813                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103467.239332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 24577.703992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24877.686423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103467.239332                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 24577.703992                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24877.686423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1094496                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       658896                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           17                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          627                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          626                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405670                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       673969                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          675                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39448                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224324                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224324                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        29924                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        29924                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1181                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404491                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side         3033                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side      1751377                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1754410                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side       118528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side     53132800                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53251328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoops                     279520                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17803904                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       939436                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000687                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026234                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            938792     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               643      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        939436                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     628510860                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1180151                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    508678479                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.replacements                         1                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 84457.600470                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                     2153368                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                     96136                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                     22.399184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      1007.687521                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     20093.542469                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      1005.106181                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     20131.792971                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst      1004.274897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     20104.536375                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst      1006.855053                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     20103.805003                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.007688                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.153302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.007668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.153593                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.007662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.153385                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.007682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.153380                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.644360                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         96135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        96135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.733452                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                  36088200                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                 36088200                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1112709                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1112709                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data                 3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        259212                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data        259702                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data        259410                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data        259453                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1037797                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu0.data               259217                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu1.data               259707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu2.data               259415                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu3.data               259456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                  1037815                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu0.data              259217                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu1.data              259707                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu2.data              259415                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu3.data              259456                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                 1037815                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.conversionMisses                          0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.l3.ConversionWrtBack                         0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.l3.NumberOfConversion                        0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           22772                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           22769                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data           22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           22771                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total               91086                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1072                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          191                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1071                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          195                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1070                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data          190                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1073                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data          188                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5050                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu0.data              22963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               1071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu1.data              22964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               1070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu2.data              22964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               1073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu3.data              22959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                  96136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              1072                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu0.data             22963                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              1071                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu1.data             22964                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              1070                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu2.data             22964                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              1073                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu3.data             22959                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total                 96136                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2441075814                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2271544515                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2311773246                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2403437157                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    9427830732                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    105028866                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21036942                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109162062                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     22226418                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    104141421                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     21307671                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    106446447                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     22560084                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    511909911                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    105028866                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2462112756                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109162062                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2293770933                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    104141421                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2333080917                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    106446447                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2425997241                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       9939740643                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    105028866                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2462112756                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109162062                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2293770933                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    104141421                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2333080917                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    106446447                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2425997241                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      9939740643                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1112709                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1112709                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         22777                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         22774                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data         22779                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data         22774                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total             91104                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       259403                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         1075                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       259600                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       259641                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1042847                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           282180                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             1076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           282671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             1075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu2.data           282379                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             1078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu3.data           282415                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total              1133951                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          282180                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            1076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          282671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            1075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu2.data          282379                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            1078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu3.data          282415                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total             1133951                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999868                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999802                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995357                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000736                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000750                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995349                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000732                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995362                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000724                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.004843                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.995357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.081377                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.995353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.081239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.995349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.081323                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.995362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.081295                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.084780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.995357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.081377                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.995353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.081239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.995349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.081323                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.995362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.081295                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.084780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107196.373353                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99764.790505                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101509.319663                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 105548.160248                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103504.717871                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97974.688433                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 110141.057592                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101925.361345                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 113981.630769                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97328.430841                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 112145.636842                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99204.517241                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 120000.446809                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101368.299208                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97974.688433                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107220.866437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101925.361345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99885.513543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97328.430841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101597.322635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99204.517241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 105666.502940                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103392.492334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97974.688433                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107220.866437                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101925.361345                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99885.513543                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97328.430841                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101597.322635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99204.517241                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 105666.502940                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103392.492334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22772                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22769                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22771                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          91086                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1072                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          191                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1071                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          195                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1070                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          190                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1073                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          188                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         5050                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         22963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          1071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         22964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          1070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         22964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          1073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         22959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             96136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            96136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2164339349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1994814369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2034962465                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2126702204                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8320818387                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     92001147                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     18716525                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96144611                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     19857075                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     91139272                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     18998506                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     93406983                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     20276379                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    450540498                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     92001147                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2183055874                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96144611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2014671444                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     91139272                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2053960971                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     93406983                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2146978583                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8771358885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     92001147                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2183055874                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96144611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2014671444                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     91139272                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2053960971                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     93406983                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2146978583                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8771358885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004843                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081377                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.081323                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.081295                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.084780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081377                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.081323                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.081295                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.084780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95043.884990                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87610.978480                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89354.635330                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 93395.204602                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91351.232758                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85821.965485                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97992.277487                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89770.878618                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 101831.153846                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85176.889720                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 99992.136842                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87052.174278                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 107853.079787                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89215.940198                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85821.965485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95068.408919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89770.878618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87731.729838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85176.889720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89442.648101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87052.174278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 93513.593057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91239.066375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85821.965485                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95068.408919                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89770.878618                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87731.729838                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85176.889720                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89442.648101                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87052.174278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 93513.593057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91239.066375                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         96136                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5050                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             91086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            91086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5050                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        96188                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        96084                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total       192272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 192272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      3078016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      3074688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total      6152704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6152704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             96136                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   96136    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               96136                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy            72438671                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer9.occupancy            72297291                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer9.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          521796401                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              2.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2249504                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1115553                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              1                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26612973720                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1042845                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1112709                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2845                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            91104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           91104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1042847                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       845173                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       846641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       845762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       845877                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count::total               3383453                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35917120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35979584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35942336                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35947072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size::total              143786112                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                               1                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                         0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1133952                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000001                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.000939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                1133951    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total            1133952                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1119616929                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy         188699294                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer1.occupancy         189004054                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer2.occupancy         188806260                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer3.occupancy         188832230                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
