
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.033951                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 33951124557                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                33951124557                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 162746                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   240633                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               13823748                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8677176                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2456.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   399703927                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     590994158                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         33920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu0.data        734528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         34816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu1.data        735104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         34496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu2.data        735360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         34624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu3.data        735296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           3078144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        33920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        34816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        34496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        34624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       137856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu0.inst            530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu0.data          11477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu1.inst            544                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu1.data          11486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu2.inst            539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu2.data          11490                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu3.inst            541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu3.data          11489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              48096                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu0.inst           999083                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu0.data         21634865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu1.inst          1025474                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu1.data         21651831                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu2.inst          1016049                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu2.data         21659371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu3.inst          1019819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu3.data         21657486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             90663978                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       999083                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      1025474                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      1016049                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      1019819                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         4060425                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu0.inst          999083                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu0.data        21634865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu1.inst         1025474                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu1.data        21651831                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu2.inst         1016049                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu2.data        21659371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu3.inst         1019819                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu3.data        21657486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            90663978                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      48096                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    48096                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               3078144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                3078144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             2804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             3068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             3125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             3210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             3222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             3284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             3342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             3262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             3276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             2951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            2820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            2818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            2794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            2742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            2676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            2702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  20866887225                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                48096                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  26774                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  13905                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   5966                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1287                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                     43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        20336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   151.364280                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    97.859815                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   214.442370                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        13576     66.76%     66.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4260     20.95%     87.71% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          235      1.16%     88.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          514      2.53%     91.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          592      2.91%     94.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          299      1.47%     95.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           59      0.29%     96.06% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           58      0.29%     96.35% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          743      3.65%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        20336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1222259091                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2124059091                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 240480000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    25412.91                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               44162.91                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       90.66                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    90.66                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.14                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   27760                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                57.72                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    433859.10                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   57.72                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                78697080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                41828490                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              180763380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        314695680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy           402221070                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy            14397120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy     1318669920                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy       45099840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy      7209770220                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy            9606142800                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           282.940339                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         19960575300                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5049623                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    133174000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  30022300557                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    117405806                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    781482230                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2891712341                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                66501960                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                35346630                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              162642060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        286422240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy           353744280                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy            11873760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy     1181229810                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy       63865440                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy      7298022060                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy            9459648240                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           278.625472                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         20069833306                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      4946000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    121220000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  30387718307                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    166346018                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    680433787                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2590460445                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         34560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu0.data        735296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu1.data        734528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         33856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu2.data        734272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu3.data        734208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           3074816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        34560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        33856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       136512                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu0.inst            540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu0.data          11489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu1.inst            532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu1.data          11477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu2.inst            529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu2.data          11473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu3.inst            532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu3.data          11472                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              48044                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu0.inst          1017934                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu0.data         21657486                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu1.inst          1002853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu1.data         21634865                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu2.inst           997198                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu2.data         21627325                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu3.inst          1002853                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu3.data         21625440                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             90565954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1017934                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      1002853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst       997198                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      1002853                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         4020839                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu0.inst         1017934                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu0.data        21657486                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu1.inst         1002853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu1.data        21634865                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu2.inst          997198                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu2.data        21627325                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu3.inst         1002853                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu3.data        21625440                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            90565954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      48044                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    48044                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               3074816                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                3074816                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             2794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             3072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             3121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             3203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             3223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             3264                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             3346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             3256                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             3283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             2941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            2817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            2832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            2794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            2731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            2682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            2685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  20867521902                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                48044                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  26822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  13851                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   6001                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1239                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                     84                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                     30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        20320                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   151.319685                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    97.693669                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   214.656635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        13613     66.99%     66.99% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4218     20.76%     87.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          218      1.07%     88.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          502      2.47%     91.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          635      3.12%     94.42% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          280      1.38%     95.80% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           58      0.29%     96.08% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           51      0.25%     96.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          745      3.67%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        20320                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1226765835                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2127590835                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 240220000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    25534.22                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               44284.22                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       90.57                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    90.57                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.71                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.14                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   27724                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                57.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    434341.89                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   57.71                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                78440040                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                41691870                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              180492060                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        314081040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy           400806900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy            14159040                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy     1311469110                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy       49603680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy      7211638320                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy            9602382060                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           282.829569                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         19964482625                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      4879965                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    132914000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  30030086807                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    129169704                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    778006228                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2876067853                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                66644760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                35422530                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              162542100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        285807600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy           352459500                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy            12210240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy     1183926480                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy       56564160                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy      7302184200                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy            9457761570                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           278.569902                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         20069078504                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5277053                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    120966000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  30402754807                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    147263079                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    678570614                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2596293004                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                6689041                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          6689041                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             2731                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             6030457                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 610236                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               593                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        6030457                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           4365388                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1665069                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1815                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       101955330                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34118804                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      99950090                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    6689041                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4975624                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     67662764                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   7448                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 187                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1380                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                 11353533                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1978                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples         101786866                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.452108                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.857980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                77290240     75.93%     75.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 1772167      1.74%     77.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1890844      1.86%     79.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1981843      1.95%     81.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1453000      1.43%     82.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1662879      1.63%     84.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1275728      1.25%     85.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                 1155933      1.14%     86.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                13304232     13.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total           101786866                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.065608                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.980332                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                23740411                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             55586339                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 18401754                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              4054638                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  3724                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             147787699                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  3724                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                25986296                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               24073309                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles           963                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 20053866                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             31668708                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             147777358                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  347                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               5982578                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents              23654447                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                709837                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          163470872                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            348121258                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       163593580                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104419606                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps            163370184                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  100545                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                20                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            18                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 28679111                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            29027550                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8019758                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6727470                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1624389                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147761595                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                495                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                149122191                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              119                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          79084                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        87185                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           443                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    101786866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.465044                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.806214                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           46153526     45.34%     45.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15829644     15.55%     60.90% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15406192     15.14%     76.03% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9856985      9.68%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6244976      6.14%     91.85% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4170176      4.10%     95.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2521811      2.48%     98.42% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             880890      0.87%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             722666      0.71%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      101786866                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  47770      5.30%      5.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               123216     13.68%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     18.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                659084     73.18%     92.16% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 9802      1.09%     93.25% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            60807      6.75%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               7      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              893      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76971394     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33726397     22.62%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20568710     13.79%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5373150      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9837428      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2644117      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total             149122191                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.462623                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     900686                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006040                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         277178665                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87438822                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87341011                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123753388                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60403195                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60391220                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              88042630                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61979354                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7168229                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        13286                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          104                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          859                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6781                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382076                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           20                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3724                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               14102112                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              6448217                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147762090                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2302                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29027550                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8019758                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                128261                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              6185881                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           859                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           797                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2672                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                3469                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149117450                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30405312                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4741                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    38421992                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6682154                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   8016680                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.462576                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                     147733065                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                    147732231                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                112275464                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                184052432                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.448990                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610019                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          79267                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             2900                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    101773992                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.451087                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.567489                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     65084210     63.95%     63.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10313010     10.13%     74.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4652851      4.57%     78.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4784851      4.70%     83.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3900290      3.83%     87.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1277802      1.26%     88.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       840258      0.83%     89.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       687877      0.68%     89.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10232843     10.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    101773992                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            99882414                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps             147682866                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      37027205                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                     29014245                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   6678768                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  60386121                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 98394195                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              608883                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76931617     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33723612     22.84%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20560522     13.92%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5369114      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8453723      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2643846      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total        147682866                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events             10232843                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   239303282                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  295537382                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            672                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         168464                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   99882414                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                    147682866                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.020754                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.020754                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.979668                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.979668                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               166286948                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               75286288                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                104411570                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                56176338                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 26421610                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                31959854                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               55028401                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           435681                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.824511                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           29025671                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           436193                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.543184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        305267760                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   510.824511                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.997704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997704                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60171881                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60171881                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     21025573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       21025573                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      7756813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7756813                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     28782386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        28782386                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     28782386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       28782386                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       829307                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       829307                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       256151                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       256151                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1085458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1085458                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1085458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1085458                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  23063930316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23063930316                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10527081048                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10527081048                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33591011364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33591011364                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  33591011364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33591011364                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     21854880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21854880                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8012964                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8012964                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     29867844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29867844                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     29867844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29867844                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037946                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031967                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031967                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036342                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036342                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27811.088434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27811.088434                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 41097.169435                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 41097.169435                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30946.394392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30946.394392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 30946.394392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30946.394392                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1274                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   115.818182                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       396832                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           396832                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       425352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       425352                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          109                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       425461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       425461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       425461                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       425461                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       403955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       403955                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       256042                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       256042                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       659997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       659997                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       659997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       659997                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11182155318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11182155318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  10181496645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10181496645                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21363651963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21363651963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21363651963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21363651963                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018484                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031953                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031953                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022097                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022097                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 27681.685628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27681.685628                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 39764.947333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39764.947333                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32369.316774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32369.316774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 32369.316774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32369.316774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              672                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          491.812109                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           11352034                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1174                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          9669.534923                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   491.812109                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.960571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.960571                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22708244                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        22708244                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     11352040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11352040                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     11352040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        11352040                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     11352040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       11352040                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1493                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1493                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1493                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1493                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    142799724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    142799724                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    142799724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    142799724                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    142799724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    142799724                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     11353533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11353533                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     11353533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     11353533                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     11353533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     11353533                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95646.164769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95646.164769                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95646.164769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95646.164769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95646.164769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95646.164769                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          403                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    80.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          672                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              672                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    115183368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115183368                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    115183368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    115183368                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    115183368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    115183368                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97778.750424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97778.750424                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97778.750424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97778.750424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97778.750424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 97778.750424                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2.tags.replacements               279471                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4034.599510                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l2.tags.total_refs                 814003                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283567                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.870584                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1844077410                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.232796                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    39.024597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  3994.342117                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000301                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.009527                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.975181                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.985010                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           77                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          661                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3332                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            5                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9064135                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l2.tags.data_accesses             9064135                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       396832                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       396832                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          669                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          669                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data       223749                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          223749                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data         9622                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             9622                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           99                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            99                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       144253                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144253                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              99                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data          153875                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::total              153974                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             99                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data         153875                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::total             153974                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.conversionMisses                814003                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.l2.NumberOfConversion        69461591.403450                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data        22778                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22778                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1075                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1075                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       259595                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259595                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          1075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data        282373                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::total            283448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data       282373                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::total           283448                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2555494947                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2555494947                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    112772115                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    112772115                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5468223969                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5468223969                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    112772115                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8023718916                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8136491031                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    112772115                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8023718916                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8136491031                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       396832                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       396832                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          669                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          669                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data       223749                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       223749                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        32400                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        32400                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1174                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1174                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       403848                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       403848                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst         1174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       436248                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::total          437422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         1174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       436248                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::total         437422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.703025                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.703025                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.915673                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.915673                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.642804                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642804                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.915673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.647276                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.647997                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.915673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.647276                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.647997                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 112191.366538                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112191.366538                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104904.293023                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 104904.293023                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21064.442570                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21064.442570                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104904.293023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28415.319156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28705.409920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 104904.293023                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28415.319156                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28705.409920                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278135                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2.writebacks::total               278135                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22778                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22778                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1075                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1075                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       259595                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259595                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       282373                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       282373                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2464474059                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2464474059                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    108476415                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108476415                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4430882349                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4430882349                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    108476415                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6895356408                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7003832823                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    108476415                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6895356408                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7003832823                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.703025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.703025                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.915673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.915673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.642804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642804                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.915673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.647276                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.647997                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.915673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.647276                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.647997                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108195.366538                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108195.366538                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100908.293023                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100908.293023                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17068.442570                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17068.442570                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100908.293023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24419.319156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24709.409920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100908.293023                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24419.319156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24709.409920                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1097583                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       660153                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          625                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          624                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405026                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       674967                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          672                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        40240                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       223749                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       223748                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        32400                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        32400                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1178                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       403848                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side         3024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side      1755729                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1758753                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side       118144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side     53317120                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53435264                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoops                     279475                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17800896                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       940646                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000683                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026157                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            940005     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               640      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        940646                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     630232803                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1177486                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    510319836                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                6698471                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          6698471                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect             2724                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             6039267                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 610729                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect               588                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups        6039267                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits           4371737                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses         1667530                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1816                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                       101955330                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34164514                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                     100067393                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    6698471                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           4982466                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     67611355                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                   7460                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1371                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                 11368855                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1969                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples         101781173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.453921                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.859300                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                77249558     75.90%     75.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                 1781063      1.75%     77.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                 1907590      1.87%     79.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1960949      1.93%     81.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1455720      1.43%     82.88% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                 1671123      1.64%     84.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1285896      1.26%     85.78% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                 1145320      1.13%     86.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                13323954     13.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total           101781173                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.065700                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.981483                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                23755666                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             55546110                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 18364292                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles              4111375                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                  3730                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts             147963773                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                  3730                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                26001819                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               24200991                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles           767                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 20052546                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles             31521320                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts             147953469                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                  345                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents               6048871                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents              23495183                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.SQFullEvents                603116                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands          163650078                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            348549548                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       163707577                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104644547                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps            163550546                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                   99396                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                19                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts            17                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                 28861862                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            29049158                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            8025308                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6737361                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1629794                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147937776                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                467                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                149298926                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              128                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          78069                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        85725                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           415                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    101781173                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.466862                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.805997                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           46070379     45.26%     45.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15826524     15.55%     60.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15495071     15.22%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9839838      9.67%     85.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6220706      6.11%     91.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4202166      4.13%     95.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2534621      2.49%     98.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             873578      0.86%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             718290      0.71%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      101781173                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  48058      5.23%      5.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               123052     13.40%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     18.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                676455     73.64%     92.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 9841      1.07%     93.34% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            61180      6.66%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               7      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              910      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             77061599     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33785290     22.63%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20579064     13.78%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5376079      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9849062      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2646820      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total             149298926                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          1.464356                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     918593                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006153                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         277326955                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87505286                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87409192                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123970789                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60511865                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60499574                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              88128409                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses               62088200                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7165732                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12986                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          853                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6691                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382274                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           49                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3730                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles               14125143                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles              6491121                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147938243                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2346                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29049158                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8025308                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               170                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                123077                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              6230317                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           853                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           777                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2671                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                3448                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149294158                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30427332                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4766                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    38449621                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 6691659                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   8022289                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    1.464309                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                     147909597                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                    147908766                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                112416094                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                184335204                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      1.450721                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.609846                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts          78219                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts             2902                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    101768405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.452907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.567414                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     65010328     63.88%     63.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10332453     10.15%     74.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4657991      4.58%     78.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4792606      4.71%     83.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3942801      3.87%     87.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1273825      1.25%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       842449      0.83%     89.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       688829      0.68%     89.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10227123     10.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    101768405                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts           100000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps             147860063                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      37054774                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                     29036158                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   6688312                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                  60494441                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 98477180                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              609425                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        77022315     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33782542     22.85%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20571030     13.91%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5372067      3.63%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8465128      5.73%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2646549      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total        147860063                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events             10227123                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   239479564                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  295889548                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            672                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                         174157                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  100000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                    147860063                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              1.019553                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        1.019553                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.980822                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.980822                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               166402433                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               75342039                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                104636279                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                56278022                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_reads                 26459477                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_writes                31982067                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads               55080474                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           435895                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.842080                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           29055080                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           436407                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.577942                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        281956761                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   510.842080                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.997738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997738                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60232003                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60232003                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     21049079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       21049079                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      7762083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7762083                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     28811162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        28811162                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     28811162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       28811162                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       830105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       830105                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       256531                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       256531                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1086636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       1086636                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1086636                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      1086636                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  23081426802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23081426802                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  10384899038                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10384899038                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  33466325840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33466325840                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  33466325840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33466325840                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     21879184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21879184                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      8018614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8018614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     29897798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29897798                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     29897798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29897798                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.037940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037940                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.031992                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031992                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.036345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036345                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.036345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036345                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27805.430400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27805.430400                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 40482.043254                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40482.043254                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 30798.101517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30798.101517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 30798.101517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30798.101517                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1431                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   102.214286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       397127                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           397127                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       425949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       425949                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          102                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       426051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       426051                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       426051                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       426051                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       404156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404156                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       256429                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       256429                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       660585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       660585                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       660585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       660585                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  11188528272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11188528272                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  10039135814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10039135814                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  21227664086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21227664086                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  21227664086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21227664086                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018472                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.031979                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031979                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022095                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022095                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27683.687170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27683.687170                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 39149.767827                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39149.767827                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 32134.644423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32134.644423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 32134.644423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32134.644423                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              668                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          493.289059                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           11367361                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          9699.113481                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   493.289059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.963455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963455                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22738886                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        22738886                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     11367365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11367365                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     11367365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        11367365                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     11367365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       11367365                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         1490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    151346502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151346502                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    151346502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151346502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    151346502                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151346502                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11368855                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     11368855                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     11368855                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101574.833557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101574.833557                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101574.833557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101574.833557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101574.833557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101574.833557                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          783                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   195.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          668                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              668                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          314                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          314                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    121103442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121103442                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    121103442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    121103442                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    121103442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    121103442                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102979.117347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102979.117347                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102979.117347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102979.117347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102979.117347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102979.117347                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2.tags.replacements               279771                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4035.659660                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l2.tags.total_refs                 814454                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283867                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.869139                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1820257587                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.186322                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    38.981641                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  3994.491697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000534                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.009517                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.975218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.985268                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           75                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          665                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9070443                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l2.tags.data_accesses             9070443                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       397127                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       397127                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          666                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          666                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data       224168                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224168                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data         9587                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             9587                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           91                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            91                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data       144166                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144166                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              91                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data          153753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::total              153844                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             91                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data         153753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::total             153844                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.conversionMisses                814454                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.l2.NumberOfConversion        69500076.737930                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1081                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1081                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data       259890                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259890                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          1081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data        282664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::total            283745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1081                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data       282664                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::total           283745                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2399905692                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2399905692                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118738143                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    118738143                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5474343510                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5474343510                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118738143                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7874249202                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   7992987345                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118738143                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7874249202                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   7992987345                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       397127                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       397127                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          666                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          666                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data       224168                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224168                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        32361                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        32361                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         1172                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1172                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       404056                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404056                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst         1172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data       436417                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::total          437589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         1172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data       436417                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::total         437589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.703748                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.703748                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.922355                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.922355                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.643203                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.643203                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.922355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.647692                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.648428                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.922355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.647692                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.648428                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 105379.190832                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105379.190832                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 109841.020352                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109841.020352                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21064.079072                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21064.079072                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 109841.020352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27857.276491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28169.614777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 109841.020352                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27857.276491                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28169.614777                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278428                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2.writebacks::total               278428                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1081                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1081                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       259890                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259890                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       282664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       282664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2308900788                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2308900788                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114418467                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114418467                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4435823070                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4435823070                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114418467                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6744723858                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6859142325                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114418467                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6744723858                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6859142325                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.703748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.703748                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.922355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.922355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.643203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.643203                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.922355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.647692                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648428                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.922355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.647692                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.648428                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 101383.190832                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101383.190832                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 105845.020352                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105845.020352                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17068.079072                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17068.079072                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 105845.020352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23861.276491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24173.614777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 105845.020352                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23861.276491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24173.614777                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1098334                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       660737                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          630                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          629                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405232                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       675555                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          668                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        40121                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224168                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224168                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        32361                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        32361                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1176                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404056                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side         3016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side      1757075                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1760091                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side       117760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side     53346816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53464576                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoops                     279775                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17819648                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       941532                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000687                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026246                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            940886     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               645      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        941532                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     630676692                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1175488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    510628859                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                6693841                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          6693841                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect             2709                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             6034951                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 610468                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect               579                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups        6034951                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits           4368647                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses         1666304                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1807                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                       101955330                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34142123                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                     100009445                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    6693841                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           4979115                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     67638148                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                   7380                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 173                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1342                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                 11361315                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1968                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples         101785483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.453005                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.858711                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                77275740     75.92%     75.92% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                 1771623      1.74%     77.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                 1901049      1.87%     79.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 1967156      1.93%     81.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                 1454900      1.43%     82.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                 1670117      1.64%     84.53% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 1283748      1.26%     85.79% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                 1142283      1.12%     86.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                13318867     13.09%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total           101785483                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.065655                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.980914                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                23730106                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             55587829                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 18353097                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              4110761                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                  3690                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             147877199                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                  3690                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                25971194                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles               24172106                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles          1162                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 20045822                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles             31591509                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             147867180                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                  340                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents               6060891                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents              23607794                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents                562658                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          163562174                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            348339425                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       163651307                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104534576                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            163461942                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                  100164                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                19                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts            17                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 28819108                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads            29038419                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            8022629                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6741007                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores         1617160                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147851663                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                495                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                149212686                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              148                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          79036                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        85983                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           443                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    101785483                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.465953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.806155                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           46102638     45.29%     45.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15838924     15.56%     60.86% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15471912     15.20%     76.06% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9817376      9.65%     85.70% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6242860      6.13%     91.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4189214      4.12%     95.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2521344      2.48%     98.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             877484      0.86%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             723731      0.71%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      101785483                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  47781      5.27%      5.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.27% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               123472     13.62%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     18.89% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                665123     73.35%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 9830      1.08%     93.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            60525      6.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite              10      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              911      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             77017745     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33756487     22.62%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20573890     13.79%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5374653      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9843390      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2645508      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             149212686                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.463510                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     906741                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006077                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         277253381                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87473262                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87376044                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123864362                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60458775                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60446570                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              88083683                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses               62034833                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7164010                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        13092                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          102                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          860                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6798                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382173                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           21                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3690                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles               14131522                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles              6478092                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147852158                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2266                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29038419                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8022629                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               180                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                128094                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              6211558                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           860                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           778                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2668                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                3446                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149207833                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30416428                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4852                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    38435995                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 6687076                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   8019567                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.463463                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     147823444                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    147822614                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                112378275                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                184233951                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.449876                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.609976                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts          79200                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts             2866                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    101772605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.451993                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.567537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     65052919     63.92%     63.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10318671     10.14%     74.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4655064      4.57%     78.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4788564      4.71%     83.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3918212      3.85%     87.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1278798      1.26%     88.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       841564      0.83%     89.27% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       688145      0.68%     89.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10230668     10.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    101772605                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            99942249                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             147773072                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                      37041158                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                     29025327                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   6683636                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                  60441395                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 98436315                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              609159                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76977823     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33753659     22.84%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20565794     13.92%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5370607      3.63%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8459533      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2645224      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total        147773072                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events             10230668                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   239394209                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  295717590                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                            666                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                         169847                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   99942249                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    147773072                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.020142                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.020142                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.980255                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.980255                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               166345943                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               75314885                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                104526401                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                56228281                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                 26441075                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes                31971301                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads               55055044                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           436495                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.828089                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           29042229                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           437007                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.457125                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        299143890                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   510.828089                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.997711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997711                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          181                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          308                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60208931                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60208931                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data     21039376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       21039376                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      7759309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7759309                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data     28798685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        28798685                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data     28798685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       28798685                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       830747                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       830747                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       256530                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       256530                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1087277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       1087277                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1087277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      1087277                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  23100818391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23100818391                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  10384998272                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10384998272                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  33485816663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33485816663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  33485816663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33485816663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data     21870123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21870123                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      8015839                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8015839                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data     29885962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29885962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data     29885962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29885962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.037985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.037985                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.032003                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.032003                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.036381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036381                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.036381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036381                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 27807.284758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27807.284758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 40482.587892                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40482.587892                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30797.870886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30797.870886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 30797.870886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30797.870886                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1009                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    91.727273                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       397562                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           397562                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       426199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       426199                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          128                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       426327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       426327                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       426327                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       426327                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       404548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404548                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       256402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       256402                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       660950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       660950                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       660950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       660950                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11201801985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11201801985                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  10038252698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10038252698                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  21240054683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21240054683                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  21240054683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21240054683                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018498                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031987                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031987                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022116                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022116                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 27689.673376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27689.673376                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 39150.446167                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39150.446167                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 32135.645182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32135.645182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 32135.645182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32135.645182                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              658                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          493.282606                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           11359832                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          9776.103270                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   493.282606                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.963443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963443                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22723796                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        22723796                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     11359832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11359832                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     11359832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        11359832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     11359832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       11359832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst         1483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          1483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         1483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    144794394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144794394                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    144794394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144794394                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    144794394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144794394                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     11361315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11361315                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     11361315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     11361315                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     11361315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     11361315                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97636.138908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97636.138908                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97636.138908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97636.138908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97636.138908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97636.138908                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          127                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks          658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total              658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          317                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          317                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          317                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          317                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    116428788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116428788                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    116428788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116428788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    116428788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116428788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 99853.162950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99853.162950                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 99853.162950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99853.162950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 99853.162950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99853.162950                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2.tags.replacements               279685                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4035.151901                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l2.tags.total_refs                 815541                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283781                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.873839                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1834026471                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.153697                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    38.742105                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  3994.256098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000526                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.009459                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.975160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.985145                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          663                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3249                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           91                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9078365                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l2.tags.data_accesses             9078365                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       397562                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       397562                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          655                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          655                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data       223876                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          223876                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data         9874                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             9874                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst           89                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            89                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data       144613                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144613                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              89                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data          154487                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::total              154576                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             89                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data         154487                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::total             154576                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.conversionMisses                815541                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.l2.NumberOfConversion        69592834.074028                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data        22779                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22779                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1073                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1073                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data       259808                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259808                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          1073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data        282587                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::total            283660                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data       282587                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::total           283660                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2405714211                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2405714211                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    114030522                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    114030522                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5472198990                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5472198990                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    114030522                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7877913201                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   7991943723                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    114030522                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7877913201                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   7991943723                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       397562                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       397562                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          655                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          655                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data       223876                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       223876                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        32653                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        32653                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         1162                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1162                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       404421                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404421                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst         1162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data       437074                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::total          438236                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         1162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       437074                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::total         438236                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.697608                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.697608                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.923408                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.923408                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.642420                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642420                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.923408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.646543                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.647277                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.923408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.646543                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.647277                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 105611.054524                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105611.054524                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 106272.620690                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106272.620690                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21062.473019                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21062.473019                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 106272.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 27877.833025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28174.376800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 106272.620690                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 27877.833025                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28174.376800                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278352                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l2.writebacks::total               278352                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22779                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22779                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1073                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1073                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       259808                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259808                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       282587                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       282587                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283660                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2314689327                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2314689327                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    109742814                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109742814                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4434006222                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4434006222                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    109742814                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6748695549                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6858438363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    109742814                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6748695549                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6858438363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.697608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.697608                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.923408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.923408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.642420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642420                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.923408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.646543                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.647277                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.923408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.646543                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.647277                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101615.054524                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101615.054524                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 102276.620690                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102276.620690                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17066.473019                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17066.473019                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 102276.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 23881.833025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24178.376800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 102276.620690                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 23881.833025                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24178.376800                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1099336                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       661092                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           17                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          630                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          629                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405587                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       675914                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          658                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        40334                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       223876                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       223876                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        32653                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        32653                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1166                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404421                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side         2986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side      1758462                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1761448                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side       116480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side     53416704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53533184                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoops                     279690                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17814784                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       941802                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000688                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026262                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            941155     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               646      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        941802                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     631293408                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1166162                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    511187634                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                6688700                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted          6688700                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect             2700                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups             6030191                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                 610164                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect               581                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups        6030191                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits           4365256                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses         1664935                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1796                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                       101955330                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34118392                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                      99946020                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                    6688700                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches           4975420                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                     67662476                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                   7332                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 152                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1129                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                 11353061                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1993                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples         101785822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.452057                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.857972                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                77287374     75.93%     75.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                 1775787      1.74%     77.68% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                 1900117      1.87%     79.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                 1967455      1.93%     81.48% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                 1452539      1.43%     82.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                 1666962      1.64%     84.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                 1281221      1.26%     85.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                 1146826      1.13%     86.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                13307541     13.07%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total           101785822                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.065604                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       0.980292                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                23723771                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles             55606094                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                 18398964                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles              4053327                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                  3666                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts             147781366                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                  3666                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                25979216                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles               24112608                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles          1078                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                 20041247                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles             31648007                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts             147771512                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.ROBFullEvents                  364                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents               5946732                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LQFullEvents              23639483                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu3.rename.SQFullEvents                726612                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands          163465045                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups            348107297                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups       163588157                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104413967                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps            163365353                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                   99616                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                20                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts            18                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                 28733258                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads            29026710                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores            8019478                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6730077                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores         1623772                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147755919                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                479                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                149117091                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              123                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          78166                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        85631                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           427                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    101785822                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.465008                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.805563                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           46135870     45.33%     45.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15834040     15.56%     60.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15428708     15.16%     76.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9862061      9.69%     85.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6221025      6.11%     91.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4178476      4.11%     95.95% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2535510      2.49%     98.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             871144      0.86%     99.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             718988      0.71%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      101785822                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  47594      5.22%      5.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.22% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               123344     13.54%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     18.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                669310     73.48%     92.24% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 9815      1.08%     93.32% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            60862      6.68%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               6      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              882      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76968653     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  75      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33724871     22.62%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20568386     13.79%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5373022      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9837134      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2644040      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total             149117091                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          1.462573                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     910931                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006109                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         277183117                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87434892                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87338690                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123747932                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60400514                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60388435                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses              88050454                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61976686                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7167719                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        13097                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           90                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          861                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6669                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382082                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          103                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3666                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles               14055996                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles              6491764                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147756398                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2256                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29026710                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8019478                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               176                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                123301                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              6234785                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           861                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           773                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2610                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                3383                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149112353                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30404730                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4729                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                    38421197                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                 6681880                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                   8016467                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    1.462526                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                     147727925                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                    147727125                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                112230868                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                184010160                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      1.448940                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.609917                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts          78321                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts             2836                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    101773158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.451052                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.566918                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     65069911     63.94%     63.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10320077     10.14%     74.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4652941      4.57%     78.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4784608      4.70%     83.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3921798      3.85%     87.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1270278      1.25%     88.45% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       840736      0.83%     89.28% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       687096      0.68%     89.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10225713     10.05%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    101773158                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts            99879262                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps             147678157                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                      37026418                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                     29013609                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                   6678519                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                  60383310                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                 98391917                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls              608870                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76929237     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33722070     22.83%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20560191     13.92%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5369038      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8453418      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2643771      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total        147678157                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events             10225713                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                   239303923                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                  295525802                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                            661                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                         169508                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   99879262                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                    147678157                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              1.020786                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        1.020786                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              0.979637                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        0.979637                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads               166283254                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes               75284391                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_reads                104405888                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                56173738                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_reads                 26420461                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_writes                31959142                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads               55026871                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           436187                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.830367                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           29024283                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           436699                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.462902                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        303567795                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   510.830367                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.997716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997716                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          308                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60171801                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60171801                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data     21024211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       21024211                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data      7756621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7756621                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data     28780832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        28780832                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data     28780832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       28780832                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       830523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       830523                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data       256196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       256196                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data      1086719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       1086719                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data      1086719                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      1086719                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  23103283590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23103283590                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  10501035452                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  10501035452                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data  33604319042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  33604319042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data  33604319042                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  33604319042                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data     21854734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21854734                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data      8012817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8012817                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data     29867551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29867551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data     29867551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29867551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.038002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.038002                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.031973                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031973                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.036385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.036385                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.036385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.036385                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 27817.752898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 27817.752898                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 40988.288076                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 40988.288076                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 30922.730754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 30922.730754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 30922.730754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 30922.730754                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2000                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               22                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    90.909091                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       397271                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           397271                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       426105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       426105                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data           95                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           95                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       426200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       426200                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       426200                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       426200                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       404418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404418                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       256101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       256101                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       660519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       660519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       660519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       660519                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  11200960494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11200960494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  10156132367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10156132367                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  21357092861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  21357092861                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  21357092861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  21357092861                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.018505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018505                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.031961                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031961                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022115                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022115                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 27696.493465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 27696.493465                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 39656.746233                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 39656.746233                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 32333.805479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32333.805479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 32333.805479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 32333.805479                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              674                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          491.890535                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           11351554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          9652.681973                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   491.890535                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.960724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.960724                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22707302                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        22707302                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst     11351559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11351559                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst     11351559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        11351559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst     11351559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       11351559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1502                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst         1502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1502                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         1502                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1502                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    149553630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149553630                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    149553630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    149553630                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    149553630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    149553630                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     11353061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11353061                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst     11353061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     11353061                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst     11353061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     11353061                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99569.660453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99569.660453                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99569.660453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 99569.660453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99569.660453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99569.660453                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          396                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    49.500000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    119380167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    119380167                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    119380167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119380167                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    119380167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119380167                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 101169.633051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101169.633051                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 101169.633051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101169.633051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 101169.633051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101169.633051                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2.tags.replacements               279558                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4035.036734                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l2.tags.total_refs                 814921                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283654                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.872940                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1837925568                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.274016                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    39.270226                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  3994.492491                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000311                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.009587                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.975218                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.985116                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          663                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3340                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9072262                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l2.tags.data_accesses             9072262                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       397271                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       397271                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          671                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          671                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data       223792                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          223792                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data         9628                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             9628                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           98                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            98                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data       144644                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144644                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst              98                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data          154272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::total              154370                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst             98                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data         154272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::total             154370                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.conversionMisses                814921                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.l2.NumberOfConversion        69539927.405785                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data       259681                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259681                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          1078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data        282455                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::total            283533                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data       282455                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::total           283533                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2530172295                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2530172295                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    116953929                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    116953929                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   5469591933                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5469591933                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    116953929                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   7999764228                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8116718157                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    116953929                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   7999764228                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8116718157                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       397271                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       397271                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          671                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          671                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data       223792                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       223792                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data        32402                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        32402                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         1176                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1176                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       404325                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404325                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data       436727                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::total          437903                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst         1176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data       436727                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::total         437903                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.702858                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.702858                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.916667                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.642258                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642258                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.646754                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.647479                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.916667                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.646754                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.647479                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 111099.161105                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111099.161105                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 108491.585343                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108491.585343                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 21062.734405                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21062.734405                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 108491.585343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 28322.260990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28627.066892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 108491.585343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 28322.260990                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28627.066892                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278220                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l2.writebacks::total               278220                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       259681                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259681                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       282455                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283533                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       282455                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283533                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2439167391                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2439167391                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    112646241                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112646241                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4431906657                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4431906657                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    112646241                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6871074048                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6983720289                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    112646241                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6871074048                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6983720289                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.702858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.702858                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.642258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.646754                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.647479                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.916667                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.646754                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.647479                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 107103.161105                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107103.161105                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 104495.585343                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104495.585343                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17066.734405                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17066.734405                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 104495.585343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 24326.260990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24631.066892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 104495.585343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 24326.260990                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24631.066892                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1098588                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       660677                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          627                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          626                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405505                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       675491                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          674                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        40282                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       223792                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       223792                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        32402                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        32402                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1180                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404325                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side         3030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side      1757253                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1760283                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side       118400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side     53375872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53494272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoops                     279562                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17806336                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       941257                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000684                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026189                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            940614     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               642      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        941257                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     630861174                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1179152                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    510813009                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.replacements                         1                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 86949.026847                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                     2154236                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                     96140                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                     22.407281                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      1005.012843                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     20722.667236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      1008.458186                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     20744.267936                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst      1000.736876                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     20735.811451                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst      1006.336519                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     20725.735800                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.007668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.158101                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.007694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.158266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.007635                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.158202                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.007678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.158125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.663368                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         96139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        96139                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.733482                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                  36102156                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                 36102156                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1113135                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1113135                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data                 3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        259401                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data        259696                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data        259619                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data        259491                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1038227                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu0.data               259407                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu1.data               259701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu2.data               259624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu3.data               259494                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                  1038246                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu0.data              259407                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu1.data              259701                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu2.data              259624                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu3.data              259494                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                 1038246                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.conversionMisses                          0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.l3.ConversionWrtBack                         0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.l3.NumberOfConversion                        0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           22772                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           22769                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data           22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           22771                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total               91086                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1070                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          194                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          194                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1068                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data          189                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1073                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data          190                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5054                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               1070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu0.data              22966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               1076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu1.data              22963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               1068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu2.data              22963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               1073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu3.data              22961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                  96140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              1070                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu0.data             22966                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              1076                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu1.data             22963                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              1068                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu2.data             22963                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              1073                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu3.data             22961                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total                 96140                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2358031941                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2202513282                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2208258531                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2332811187                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    9101614941                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    103399497                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21669642                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109311579                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     21618693                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    104674554                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     21023955                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    107555670                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     21323988                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    510577578                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    103399497                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2379701583                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109311579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2224131975                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    104674554                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2229282486                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    107555670                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2354135175                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       9612192519                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    103399497                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2379701583                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109311579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2224131975                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    104674554                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2229282486                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    107555670                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2354135175                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      9612192519                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1113135                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1113135                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         22778                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         22774                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data         22779                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data         22774                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total             91105                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1075                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       259595                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         1081                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       259890                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         1073                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       259808                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         1078                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       259681                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1043281                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           282373                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             1081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           282664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             1073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu2.data           282587                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             1078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu3.data           282455                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total              1134386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          282373                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            1081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          282664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            1073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu2.data          282587                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            1078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu3.data          282455                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total             1134386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999737                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999868                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999791                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995349                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000747                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995375                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000746                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995340                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000727                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995362                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000732                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.004844                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.995349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.081332                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.995375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.081238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.995340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.081260                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.995362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.081291                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.084751                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.995349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.081332                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.995375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.081238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.995340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.081260                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.995362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.081291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.084751                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103549.619752                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 96732.982652                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 96964.017344                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 102446.584998                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99923.313583                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96635.043925                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111699.185567                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101590.686803                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 111436.561856                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 98009.882022                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 111237.857143                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 100238.275862                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 112231.515789                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101024.451524                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96635.043925                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103618.461334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101590.686803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 96857.203980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 98009.882022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 97081.500065                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 100238.275862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 102527.554331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 99981.199490                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 96635.043925                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103618.461334                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101590.686803                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 96857.203980                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 98009.882022                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 97081.500065                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 100238.275862                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 102527.554331                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99981.199490                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22772                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22769                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22771                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          91086                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1070                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          194                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          194                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1068                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          189                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1073                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          190                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         5054                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          1070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         22966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          1076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         22963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          1068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         22963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          1073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         22961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             96140                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            96140                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2081273648                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1925790423                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1931475741                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2056045901                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7994585713                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     90397519                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19310987                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96232622                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     19260097                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     91691500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     18725845                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     94519758                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     19016946                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    449155274                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     90397519                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2100584635                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96232622                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1945050520                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     91691500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1950201586                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     94519758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2075062847                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8443740987                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     90397519                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2100584635                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96232622                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1945050520                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     91691500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1950201586                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     94519758                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2075062847                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8443740987                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000727                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004844                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081332                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.081260                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.081291                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.084751                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081332                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.081260                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.081291                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.084751                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91396.172844                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 84579.490667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 84810.562088                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 90292.297264                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87769.643117                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84483.662617                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 99541.170103                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89435.522305                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99278.850515                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85853.464419                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 99078.544974                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 88089.243243                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 100089.189474                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88871.245350                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84483.662617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91464.975834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89435.522305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 84703.676349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85853.464419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 84927.996603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 88089.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 90373.365576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87827.553432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84483.662617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91464.975834                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89435.522305                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 84703.676349                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85853.464419                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 84927.996603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 88089.243243                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 90373.365576                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87827.553432                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         96140                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5054                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             91086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            91086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5054                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        96192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        96088                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total       192280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 192280                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      3078144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      3074816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total      6152960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6152960                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             96140                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   96140    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               96140                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy            73210302                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer9.occupancy            73077322                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer9.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          517075137                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2250376                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1115990                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              1                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  33951124557                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1043281                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1113135                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2856                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            91105                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           91105                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1043281                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       845746                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       846635                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       846380                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       846001                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count::total               3384762                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35941312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35979072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35968768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35952192                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size::total              143841344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                               1                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                         0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1134387                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000001                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.000939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                1134386    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total            1134387                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1120049163                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy         188887920                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer1.occupancy         189057834                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer2.occupancy         189012180                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer3.occupancy         188925938                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.6                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
