
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.035386                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 35385617628                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                35385617628                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 159425                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   235723                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               14113949                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8677172                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2507.14                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   399700771                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     590989451                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         33920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu0.data        734528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         34816                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu1.data        735104                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         34496                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu2.data        735360                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         34688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu3.data        735296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           3078208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        33920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        34816                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        34496                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        34688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       137920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu0.inst            530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu0.data          11477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu1.inst            544                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu1.data          11486                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu2.inst            539                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu2.data          11490                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu3.inst            542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu3.data          11489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              48097                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu0.inst           958582                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu0.data         20757812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu1.inst           983903                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu1.data         20774090                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu2.inst           974859                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu2.data         20781324                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu3.inst           980285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu3.data         20779516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total             86990371                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       958582                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst       983903                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst       974859                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst       980285                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         3897629                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu0.inst          958582                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu0.data        20757812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu1.inst          983903                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu1.data        20774090                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu2.inst          974859                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu2.data        20781324                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu3.inst          980285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu3.data        20779516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total            86990371                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      48097                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    48097                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               3078208                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                3078208                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             2804                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             3068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             3125                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             3210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             3222                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             3284                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             3342                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             3262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             3276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             2952                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            2820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            2818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            2794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            2742                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            2676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            2702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  21923113608                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                48097                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  26766                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  13917                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   5965                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   1285                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    106                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                     43                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        20347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   151.285595                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    97.808073                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   214.330752                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        13599     66.84%     66.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4244     20.86%     87.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          237      1.16%     88.86% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          516      2.54%     91.39% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          592      2.91%     94.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          300      1.47%     95.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           59      0.29%     96.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           59      0.29%     96.36% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          741      3.64%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        20347                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1221905659                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2123724409                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 240485000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    25405.03                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               44155.03                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                       86.99                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                    86.99                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.14                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   27750                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                57.70                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    455810.42                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   57.70                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                78782760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                41874030                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              180763380                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        314081040.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy           402176040                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy            14373120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy     1318212210                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy       45341760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy      7553624880                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy            9949229220                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           281.165897                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         21015325094                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      4785623                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    132908000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  31457329628                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    118040437                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    781863955                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2890689985                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                66494820                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                35342835                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              162649200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        285807600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy           353838900                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy            11859360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy     1178325660                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy       63255360                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy      7644169560                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy            9801743295                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           276.997934                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         21123876085                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      4940000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    120960000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  31829997628                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    164754550                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    680878687                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2584086763                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         34688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu0.data        735296                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu1.data        734528                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         33856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu2.data        734272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu3.data        734208                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           3074944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        34688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        33856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       136640                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu0.inst            542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu0.data          11489                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu1.inst            532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu1.data          11477                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu2.inst            529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu2.data          11473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu3.inst            532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu3.data          11472                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              48046                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu0.inst           980285                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu0.data         20779516                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu1.inst           962199                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu1.data         20757812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu2.inst           956773                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu2.data         20750577                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu3.inst           962199                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu3.data         20748769                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total             86898130                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       980285                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst       962199                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst       956773                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst       962199                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         3861456                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu0.inst          980285                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu0.data        20779516                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu1.inst          962199                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu1.data        20757812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu2.inst          956773                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu2.data        20750577                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu3.inst          962199                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu3.data        20748769                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total            86898130                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      48046                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    48046                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               3074944                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                3074944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             2794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             3072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             3121                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             3203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             3223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             3265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             3346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             3257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             3283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             2941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            2817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            2832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            2794                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            2731                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            2682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            2685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  21925601097                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                48046                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  26806                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  13864                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   6004                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   1240                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                     85                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                     30                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        20336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   151.206924                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    97.628644                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   214.546787                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        13639     67.07%     67.07% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4207     20.69%     87.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          220      1.08%     88.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          501      2.46%     91.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          637      3.13%     94.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          279      1.37%     95.81% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           57      0.28%     96.09% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           52      0.26%     96.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          744      3.66%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        20336                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1226126727                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2126989227                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 240230000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    25519.85                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               44269.85                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                       86.90                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                    86.90                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.68                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.14                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   27710                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                57.67                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    456346.02                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   57.67                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                78547140                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                41748795                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              180506340                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        313466400.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy           400765290                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy            14115360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy     1313240670                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy       47984640                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy      7555493280                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy            9945867915                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           281.070906                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         21019286907                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      4609965                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    132648000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  31465115878                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    124953792                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    778336801                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2879953192                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                66651900                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                35426325                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              162542100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        286422240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy           352788960                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy            12207360                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy     1187365290                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy       56383680                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy      7644594000                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy            9804381855                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           277.072500                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         21133974215                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5271053                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    121226000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  31829461628                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    146793028                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    679036265                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2603829654                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                6689810                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          6689810                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             2730                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             6031151                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 610304                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               590                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        6031151                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           4365857                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1665294                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1815                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       106263117                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34122188                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      99958698                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    6689810                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4976161                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     71966476                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   7438                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 187                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1380                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                 11354667                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1984                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples         106093957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.393283                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.813717                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                81552447     76.87%     76.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 1795023      1.69%     78.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1932203      1.82%     80.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1973733      1.86%     82.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1481430      1.40%     83.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1645524      1.55%     85.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1229650      1.16%     86.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                 1164576      1.10%     87.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                13319371     12.55%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total           106093957                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.062955                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.940672                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                23458812                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             60173461                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 18231080                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              4226885                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  3719                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             147800769                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  3719                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                25737180                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               27351437                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles           963                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 20020724                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             32979934                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             147790542                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  388                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               5910221                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents              24923671                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                713034                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          163484342                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            348153267                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       163603038                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104435114                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps            163382911                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                  101360                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                20                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            18                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 29279735                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            29029210                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8020229                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6734851                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1615873                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147774691                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                494                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                149135481                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              134                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          79739                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        86799                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           442                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    106093957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.405693                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.791458                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           50590544     47.68%     47.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15548601     14.66%     62.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15364826     14.48%     76.82% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           10109200      9.53%     86.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6306036      5.94%     92.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4075492      3.84%     96.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2495819      2.35%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             874402      0.82%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             729037      0.69%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      106093957                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  46151      4.99%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      4.99% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               132642     14.34%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.33% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                695642     75.21%     94.55% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1168      0.13%     94.67% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            49265      5.33%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               6      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              887      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76978334     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33730583     22.62%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20569533     13.79%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5373411      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9838302      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2644329      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total             149135481                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.403455                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     924874                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006202                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         281525188                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87445098                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87346531                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123764735                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60410665                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60398917                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              88076504                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61982964                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7186375                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        13428                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          101                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          858                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6856                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382116                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           24                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3719                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles               19330330                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              4275423                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147775185                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2261                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29029210                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8020229                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               181                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                148027                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3987722                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           858                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           794                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2679                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                3473                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149130688                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30406976                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4789                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    38424127                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6682913                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   8017151                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.403410                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                     147746292                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                    147745448                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                112242524                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                184160949                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.390374                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.609481                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          79905                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             2899                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    106081020                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.392289                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.532537                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     69415303     65.44%     65.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10291415      9.70%     75.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4659342      4.39%     79.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4804093      4.53%     84.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3892860      3.67%     87.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1231065      1.16%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       829044      0.78%     89.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       691203      0.65%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10266695      9.68%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    106081020                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            99890690                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps             147695388                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      37029153                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                     29015780                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   6679448                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  60393748                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 98400101                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              608924                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76938056     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33727747     22.84%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20561241     13.92%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5369332      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8454539      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2644041      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total        147695388                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events             10266695                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   243589618                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  295563693                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            672                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         169160                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   99890690                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                    147695388                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.063794                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.063794                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.940032                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.940032                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               166296313                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               75290808                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                104427407                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                56183542                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 26424638                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                31961716                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               55032428                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           436353                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.872164                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           29014625                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           436865                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.415540                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        305267760                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   510.872164                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.997797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997797                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          317                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60140335                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60140335                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     21034329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       21034329                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      7756624                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7756624                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     28790953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        28790953                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     28790953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       28790953                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       804025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       804025                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       256757                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       256757                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1060782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1060782                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1060782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1060782                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  23001625350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23001625350                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  12060569358                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  12060569358                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35062194708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35062194708                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  35062194708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35062194708                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     21838354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21838354                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8013381                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8013381                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     29851735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29851735                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     29851735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29851735                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036817                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032041                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.032041                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035535                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.035535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035535                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28608.097198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28608.097198                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 46972.699315                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46972.699315                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33053.157678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33053.157678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 33053.157678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33053.157678                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1343                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   103.307692                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       397306                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           397306                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       400243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       400243                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       400245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       400245                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       400245                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       400245                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       403782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       403782                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       256755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       256755                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       660537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       660537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       660537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       660537                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11815552287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11815552287                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11718380889                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11718380889                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  23533933176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23533933176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  23533933176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23533933176                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018490                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.032041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032041                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022127                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022127                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 29262.206555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29262.206555                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 45640.322054                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45640.322054                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35628.485877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35628.485877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 35628.485877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35628.485877                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              674                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          491.776658                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           11353166                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          9654.052721                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   491.776658                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.960501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.960501                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22710514                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        22710514                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     11353172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11353172                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     11353172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        11353172                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     11353172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       11353172                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1495                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1495                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1495                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    143483706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    143483706                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    143483706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    143483706                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    143483706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    143483706                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     11354667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11354667                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     11354667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     11354667                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     11354667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     11354667                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95975.723077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 95975.723077                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95975.723077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 95975.723077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 95975.723077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 95975.723077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          403                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    80.600000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    115853031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115853031                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    115853031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    115853031                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    115853031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    115853031                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98180.534746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98180.534746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98180.534746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98180.534746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98180.534746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98180.534746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2.tags.replacements               279498                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4037.088617                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l2.tags.total_refs                 815137                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283594                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.874310                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1844077410                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.229516                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    37.490678                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  3998.368423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000300                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.009153                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.976164                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.985617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          636                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3183                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          184                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9073450                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l2.tags.data_accesses             9073450                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       397306                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       397306                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          671                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          671                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data       223672                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          223672                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data        10305                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total            10305                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           99                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            99                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       144164                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144164                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              99                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data          154469                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::total              154568                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             99                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data         154469                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::total             154568                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.conversionMisses                815137                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.l2.NumberOfConversion        69558359.406334                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data        22778                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22778                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       259618                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259618                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          1077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data        282396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::total            283473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data       282396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::total           283473                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2555956152                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2555956152                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    113438448                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    113438448                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5467468725                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5467468725                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    113438448                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8023424877                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8136863325                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    113438448                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8023424877                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8136863325                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       397306                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       397306                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          671                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          671                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data       223672                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       223672                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        33083                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        33083                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1176                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1176                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       403782                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       403782                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       436865                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::total          438041                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         1176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       436865                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::total         438041                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.688511                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.688511                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.915816                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.915816                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.642966                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642966                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.915816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.646415                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.647138                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.915816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.646415                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.647138                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 112211.614365                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112211.614365                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105328.178273                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105328.178273                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21059.667377                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21059.667377                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105328.178273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28411.963615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28704.191669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 105328.178273                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28411.963615                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28704.191669                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2.writebacks::total               278158                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22778                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22778                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       259618                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259618                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       282396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       282396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2464935264                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2464935264                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    109134756                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109134756                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4430035197                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4430035197                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    109134756                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6894970461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7004105217                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    109134756                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6894970461                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7004105217                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.688511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.688511                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.915816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.915816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.642966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642966                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.915816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.646415                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.647138                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.915816                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.646415                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.647138                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108215.614365                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108215.614365                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101332.178273                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101332.178273                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17063.667377                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17063.667377                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101332.178273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24415.963615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24708.191669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 101332.178273                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24415.963615                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24708.191669                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1098744                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       660695                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          627                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          626                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       404962                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       675464                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          674                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        40387                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       223672                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       223672                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        33083                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        33083                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1180                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       403782                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side         3030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side      1757427                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1760457                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side       118400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side     53386944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53505344                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoops                     279502                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17802368                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       941215                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000684                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026189                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            940572     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               642      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        941215                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     630936432                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1179484                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    510910911                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                6698597                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          6698597                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect             2731                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             6039361                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 610756                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect               589                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups        6039361                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits           4371770                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses         1667591                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1821                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                       106263117                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34164896                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                     100068370                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    6698597                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           4982526                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     71918749                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                   7468                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1371                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                 11368999                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1988                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples         106088953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.394901                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.814935                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                81516667     76.84%     76.84% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                 1800697      1.70%     78.54% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                 1946212      1.83%     80.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1956970      1.84%     82.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1482452      1.40%     83.61% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                 1655192      1.56%     85.17% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1237711      1.17%     86.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                 1156914      1.09%     87.43% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                13336138     12.57%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total           106088953                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.063038                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.941704                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                23474478                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             60132568                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 18199599                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles              4278574                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                  3734                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts             147965500                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                  3734                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                25753095                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               27468333                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles           767                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 20024030                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles             32838994                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts             147955374                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                  348                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents               5977182                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents              24789869                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.SQFullEvents                603095                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands          163652054                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            348554097                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       163710029                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104645437                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps            163550546                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                  101372                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                19                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts            17                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                 29412788                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            29049367                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            8025511                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6742462                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1636001                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147939482                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                467                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                149300394                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              130                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          79775                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        86856                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           415                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    106088953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.407313                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.791717                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           50520851     47.62%     47.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15551096     14.66%     62.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15435256     14.55%     76.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           10085972      9.51%     86.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6280638      5.92%     92.26% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4119876      3.88%     96.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2491180      2.35%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             880814      0.83%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             723270      0.68%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      106088953                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  48192      5.14%      5.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.14% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               132401     14.13%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.28% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                705720     75.34%     94.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1176      0.13%     94.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            49268      5.26%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               6      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              910      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             77062551     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33785426     22.63%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20579222     13.78%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5376220      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9849116      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2646847      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total             149300394                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          1.405007                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     936763                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006274                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         281658170                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87507896                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87410271                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123968462                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60512671                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60499874                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              88150694                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses               62085553                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7183749                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        13195                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           92                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          860                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6894                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382282                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           49                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3734                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles               19381073                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles              4289592                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147939949                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2308                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29049367                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8025511                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               170                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                147197                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3999070                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           860                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           778                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2684                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                3462                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149295572                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30427496                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4820                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    38449954                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 6691751                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   8022458                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    1.404961                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                     147910993                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                    147910145                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                112391781                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                184437774                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      1.391924                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.609375                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts          79956                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts             2909                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    106075983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.393907                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.532695                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     69355535     65.38%     65.38% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10301981      9.71%     75.09% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4664294      4.40%     79.49% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4810776      4.54%     84.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3923850      3.70%     87.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1233430      1.16%     88.89% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       831099      0.78%     89.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       692122      0.65%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10262896      9.68%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    106075983                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts           100000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps             147860063                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      37054774                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                     29036158                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   6688312                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                  60494441                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 98477180                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              609425                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        77022315     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33782542     22.85%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20571030     13.91%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5372067      3.63%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8465128      5.73%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2646549      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total        147860063                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events             10262896                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   243753106                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  295893223                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            673                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                         174164                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  100000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                    147860063                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              1.062631                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        1.062631                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.941060                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.941060                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               166404266                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               75342898                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                104636677                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                56278294                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_reads                 26459778                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_writes                31982411                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads               55081037                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           436768                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.889021                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           29041790                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           437280                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.414631                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        281956761                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   510.889021                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.997830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          174                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          314                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60197154                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60197154                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     21056319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       21056319                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      7761446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7761446                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     28817765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        28817765                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     28817765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       28817765                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       805004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       805004                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       257168                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       257168                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1062172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       1062172                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1062172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      1062172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  23020623999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23020623999                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  11920323743                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11920323743                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  34940947742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34940947742                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  34940947742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34940947742                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     21861323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21861323                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      8018614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8018614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     29879937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29879937                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     29879937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29879937                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.036823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036823                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.032071                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.032071                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.035548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.035548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28596.906350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28596.906350                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 46352.282333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46352.282333                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 32895.752987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32895.752987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 32895.752987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32895.752987                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1431                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   102.214286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       397756                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           397756                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       400865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       400865                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       400868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       400868                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       400868                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       400868                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       404139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       257165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       257165                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       661304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       661304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       661304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       661304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  11826163665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11826163665                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  11577602141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11577602141                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  23403765806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23403765806                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  23403765806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23403765806                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018486                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.032071                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032071                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022132                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022132                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 29262.614261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29262.614261                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 45020.131593                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45020.131593                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35390.328512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35390.328512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 35390.328512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35390.328512                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              668                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          493.244960                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           11367505                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1172                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          9699.236348                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   493.244960                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.963369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963369                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22739174                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        22739174                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     11367509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11367509                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     11367509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        11367509                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     11367509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       11367509                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         1490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    151459389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    151459389                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    151459389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    151459389                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    151459389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    151459389                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11368999                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     11368999                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     11368999                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101650.596644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101650.596644                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101650.596644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101650.596644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101650.596644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101650.596644                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          783                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   195.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          668                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              668                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          314                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          314                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          314                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          314                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1176                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1176                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    121159053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    121159053                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    121159053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    121159053                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    121159053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    121159053                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 103026.405612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103026.405612                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 103026.405612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103026.405612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 103026.405612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103026.405612                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2.tags.replacements               279771                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4038.105789                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l2.tags.total_refs                 816036                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283867                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.874712                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1820257587                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.164142                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    37.429281                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  3998.512366                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000528                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.009138                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.976199                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.985866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           72                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          638                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3020                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          345                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9083099                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l2.tags.data_accesses             9083099                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       397756                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       397756                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          666                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          666                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data       224024                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224024                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data        10368                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total            10368                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           91                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            91                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data       144248                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144248                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              91                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data          154616                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::total              154707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             91                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data         154616                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::total             154707                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.conversionMisses                816036                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.l2.NumberOfConversion        69635074.075287                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1081                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1081                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data       259890                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259890                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          1081                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data        282664                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::total            283745                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1081                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data       282664                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::total           283745                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2399905692                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2399905692                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118793754                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    118793754                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5473135719                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5473135719                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118793754                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7873041411                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   7991835165                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118793754                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7873041411                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   7991835165                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       397756                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       397756                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          666                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          666                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data       224024                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224024                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        33142                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        33142                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         1172                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1172                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       404138                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404138                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst         1172                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data       437280                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::total          438452                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         1172                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data       437280                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::total         438452                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.687164                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.687164                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.922355                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.922355                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.643072                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.643072                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.922355                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.646414                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.647152                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.922355                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.646414                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.647152                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 105379.190832                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105379.190832                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 109892.464385                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109892.464385                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21059.431756                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21059.431756                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 109892.464385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27853.003605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28165.554160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 109892.464385                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 27853.003605                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28165.554160                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278428                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2.writebacks::total               278428                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1081                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1081                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       259890                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259890                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1081                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       282664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283745                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1081                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       282664                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283745                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2308900788                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2308900788                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114474078                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114474078                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4434615279                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4434615279                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114474078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6743516067                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6857990145                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114474078                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6743516067                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6857990145                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.687164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.687164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.922355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.922355                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.643072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.643072                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.922355                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.646414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.647152                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.922355                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.646414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.647152                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 101383.190832                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101383.190832                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 105896.464385                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105896.464385                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17063.431756                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17063.431756                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 105896.464385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23857.003605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24169.554160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 105896.464385                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 23857.003605                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24169.554160                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1099916                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       661456                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          630                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          629                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405314                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       676184                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          668                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        40355                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224024                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224024                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        33142                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        33142                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1176                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404138                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side         3016                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side      1759376                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1762392                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side       117760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side     53442304                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53560064                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoops                     279775                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17819648                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       942251                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000687                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026236                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            941605     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               645      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        942251                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     631622412                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1175488                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    511443044                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                6692798                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          6692798                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect             2715                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             6033966                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 610420                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect               579                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups        6033966                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits           4367912                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses         1666054                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1813                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                       106263117                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34136873                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      99996057                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    6692798                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           4978332                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     71952390                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                   7400                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 173                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1342                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                 11359562                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 1964                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples         106094485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.393802                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.814201                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                81549618     76.87%     76.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                 1788929      1.69%     78.55% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                 1940188      1.83%     80.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 1960282      1.85%     82.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                 1483244      1.40%     83.63% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                 1652786      1.56%     85.18% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 1238551      1.17%     86.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                 1150710      1.08%     87.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                13330177     12.56%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total           106094485                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.062983                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.941023                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                23443014                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             60187734                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 18183177                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              4276860                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                  3700                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             147856929                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                  3700                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                25712671                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles               27443142                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles          1162                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 20011145                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles             32922665                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             147846961                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                  338                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents               5986347                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents              24905335                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents                562528                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          163541635                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            348290208                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       163638622                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104508186                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            163440725                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                  100834                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                19                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts            17                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 29392292                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads            29035877                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            8022044                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6745030                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores         1625160                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147831288                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                495                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                149192259                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              153                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          79497                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        86082                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           443                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    106094485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.406221                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.791742                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           50579977     47.67%     47.67% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15531995     14.64%     62.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15407405     14.52%     76.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           10069479      9.49%     86.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6323828      5.96%     92.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4082177      3.85%     96.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2495262      2.35%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             875648      0.83%     99.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             728714      0.69%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      106094485                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  45904      4.96%      4.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      4.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      4.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               132901     14.35%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.31% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                697505     75.32%     94.63% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1124      0.12%     94.75% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            48618      5.25%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               6      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              914      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             77007364     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33749584     22.62%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.24% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20572712     13.79%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5374355      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9842032      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2645196      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             149192259                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.403989                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     926058                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006207                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         281570852                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87466009                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87368319                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123834358                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60446115                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60433899                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              88099879                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses               62017524                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7181546                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        13110                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           89                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          861                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6871                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382179                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           21                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3700                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles               19364477                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles              4296426                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147831783                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2220                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29035877                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8022044                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               180                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                147134                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              4005361                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           861                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           775                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2684                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                3459                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149187396                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30413898                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4859                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    38432859                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 6685971                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   8018961                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.403943                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     147803037                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    147802218                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                112324953                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                184301837                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.390908                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.609462                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts          79659                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts             2872                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    106081591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.392817                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.532874                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     69402508     65.42%     65.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10294721      9.70%     75.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4660453      4.39%     79.52% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4806096      4.53%     84.05% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3894800      3.67%     87.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1231146      1.16%     88.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       829977      0.78%     89.67% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       691610      0.65%     90.32% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10270280      9.68%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    106081591                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            99928405                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             147752217                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                      37037930                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                     29022761                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   6682513                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                  60428613                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 98426582                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              609096                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76967148     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33746707     22.84%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20564569     13.92%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5370264      3.63%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8458192      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2644905      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total        147752217                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events             10270280                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   243643187                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  295676825                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                            665                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                         168632                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   99928405                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    147752217                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.063393                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.063393                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.940387                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.940387                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               166332854                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               75308559                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                104500052                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                56216378                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                 26436577                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes                31968753                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads               55049046                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           437308                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.875597                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           29026352                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           437820                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.297456                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        299143890                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   510.875597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.997804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997804                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          316                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60168274                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60168274                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data     21044464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       21044464                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      7758178                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7758178                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data     28802642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        28802642                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data     28802642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       28802642                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       805587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       805587                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       256998                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       256998                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1062585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       1062585                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1062585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      1062585                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  23053569687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23053569687                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11918989079                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  11918989079                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  34972558766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  34972558766                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  34972558766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  34972558766                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data     21850051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21850051                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      8015176                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8015176                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data     29865227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29865227                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data     29865227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29865227                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.036869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036869                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.032064                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.032064                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.035579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.035579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28617.107385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28617.107385                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 46377.750329                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46377.750329                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 32912.716410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 32912.716410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 32912.716410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 32912.716410                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1009                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               11                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    91.727273                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       398092                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           398092                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       401054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       401054                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            2                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       401056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       401056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       401056                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       401056                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       404533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404533                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       256996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       256996                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       661529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       661529                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       661529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       661529                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11841739407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11841739407                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11576571173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11576571173                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  23418310580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23418310580                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  23418310580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23418310580                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018514                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.032064                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032064                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022150                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022150                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 29272.616590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29272.616590                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 45045.725120                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45045.725120                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 35400.278113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35400.278113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 35400.278113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35400.278113                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              658                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          493.236809                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           11358081                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          9774.596386                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   493.236809                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.963353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963353                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22720290                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        22720290                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     11358081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11358081                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     11358081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        11358081                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     11358081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       11358081                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1481                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst         1481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          1481                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1481                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         1481                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    143271918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    143271918                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    143271918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    143271918                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    143271918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    143271918                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     11359562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11359562                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     11359562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     11359562                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     11359562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     11359562                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000130                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 96739.985145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96739.985145                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 96739.985145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96739.985145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 96739.985145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96739.985145                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          127                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    31.750000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks          658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total              658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          315                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          315                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    115426791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115426791                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    115426791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    115426791                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    115426791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    115426791                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 98993.817324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98993.817324                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 98993.817324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98993.817324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 98993.817324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 98993.817324                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2.tags.replacements               279653                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4037.618614                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l2.tags.total_refs                 816898                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283749                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.878946                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1834026471                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.129672                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    37.195357                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  3998.293586                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000520                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.009081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.976146                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.985747                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          635                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3126                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          243                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9088933                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l2.tags.data_accesses             9088933                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       398092                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       398092                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          655                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          655                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data       223709                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          223709                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data        10509                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total            10509                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst           89                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            89                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data       144756                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144756                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              89                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data          155265                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::total              155354                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             89                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data         155265                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::total             155354                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.conversionMisses                816898                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.l2.NumberOfConversion        69708631.410812                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data        22779                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22779                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1073                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1073                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data       259776                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259776                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          1073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data        282555                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::total            283628                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data       282555                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::total           283628                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2405712546                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2405712546                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    113057829                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    113057829                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5470084773                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5470084773                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    113057829                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7875797319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   7988855148                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    113057829                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7875797319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   7988855148                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       398092                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       398092                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          655                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          655                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data       223709                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       223709                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        33288                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        33288                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         1162                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1162                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       404532                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404532                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst         1162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data       437820                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::total          438982                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         1162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       437820                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::total         438982                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.684301                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.684301                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.923408                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.923408                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.642164                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642164                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.923408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.645368                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.646104                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.923408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.645368                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.646104                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 105610.981430                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105610.981430                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 105366.103448                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105366.103448                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21056.928943                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21056.928943                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 105366.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 27873.501863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28166.666013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 105366.103448                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 27873.501863                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28166.666013                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278320                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l2.writebacks::total               278320                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22779                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22779                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1073                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1073                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       259776                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259776                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       282555                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283628                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       282555                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283628                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2314687662                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2314687662                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    108770121                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    108770121                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4432019877                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4432019877                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    108770121                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6746707539                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6855477660                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    108770121                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6746707539                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6855477660                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.684301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.684301                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.923408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.923408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.642164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642164                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.923408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.645368                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.646104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.923408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.645368                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.646104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101614.981430                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101614.981430                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 101370.103448                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101370.103448                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17060.928943                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17060.928943                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 101370.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 23877.501863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24170.666013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 101370.103448                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 23877.501863                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24170.666013                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1100661                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       661671                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           17                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          630                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          629                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405698                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       676412                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          658                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        40550                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       223709                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       223709                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        33288                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        33288                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1166                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404532                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side         2986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side      1760366                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1763352                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side       116480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side     53498368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53614848                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoops                     279658                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17812736                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       942349                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000688                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026254                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            941702     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               646      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        942349                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     632087613                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1165830                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    511877277                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                6688936                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted          6688936                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect             2696                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups             6030416                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                 610180                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect               578                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups        6030416                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits           4365407                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses         1665009                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1799                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                       106263117                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34119365                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                      99948574                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                    6688936                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches           4975587                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                     71972378                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                   7320                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 152                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1129                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                 11353394                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2002                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples         106096691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.393096                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.813607                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                81556979     76.87%     76.87% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                 1796720      1.69%     78.56% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                 1937107      1.83%     80.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                 1963914      1.85%     82.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                 1480682      1.40%     83.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                 1649856      1.56%     85.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                 1232987      1.16%     86.35% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                 1157343      1.09%     87.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                13321103     12.56%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total           106096691                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.062947                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       0.940576                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                23442881                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles             60193391                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                 18240371                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles              4216388                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                  3660                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts             147785300                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                  3660                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                25731673                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles               27391620                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles          1078                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                 20013946                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles             32954714                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts             147775398                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.ROBFullEvents                  301                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents               5878712                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LQFullEvents              24922169                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu3.rename.SQFullEvents                726694                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands          163468908                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups            348116666                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups       163591088                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104418353                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps            163369008                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                   99832                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                20                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts            18                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                 29293377                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads            29027126                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores            8019695                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6736803                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores         1617704                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147759664                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                479                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                149120960                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              135                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          78298                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        85337                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           427                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    106096691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.405519                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.790893                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           50570671     47.66%     47.66% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15571680     14.68%     62.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15382603     14.50%     76.84% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3           10110748      9.53%     86.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6268754      5.91%     92.28% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4104265      3.87%     96.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2482229      2.34%     98.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             883813      0.83%     99.32% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             721928      0.68%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      106096691                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  49059      5.26%      5.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               132756     14.24%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.50% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                700686     75.15%     94.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1101      0.12%     94.77% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            48792      5.23%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               6      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              883      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76970656     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  75      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33726104     22.62%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20568577     13.79%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5373133      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9837399      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2644105      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total             149120960                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          1.403318                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     932400                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.006253                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         281521709                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87436775                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87340252                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123749435                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60402515                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60390655                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses              88076558                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61975919                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7185572                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        13103                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          862                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6778                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382106                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           99                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3660                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles               19307411                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles              4309429                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147760143                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2293                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29027126                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8019695                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               176                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                149550                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              4020504                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           862                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           772                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2617                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                3389                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149116150                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30405149                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4808                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                    38421785                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                 6682105                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                   8016636                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    1.403273                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                     147731737                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                    147730907                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                112209600                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                184111763                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      1.390237                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.609465                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts          78414                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts             2832                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    106084025                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.392121                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.532092                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     69418819     65.44%     65.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10286343      9.70%     75.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4659480      4.39%     79.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4804340      4.53%     84.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3900240      3.68%     87.73% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1235578      1.16%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       829158      0.78%     89.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       690874      0.65%     90.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10259193      9.67%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    106084025                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts            99881674                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps             147681783                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                      37026938                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                     29014021                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                   6678717                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                  60385626                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                 98393519                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls              608880                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76931093     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33723320     22.84%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20560369     13.92%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5369088      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8453652      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2643829      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total        147681783                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events             10259193                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                   243585029                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                  295533230                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                            661                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                         166426                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   99881674                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                    147681783                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              1.063890                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        1.063890                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              0.939947                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        0.939947                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads               166285883                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes               75285643                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_reads                104410522                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                56175812                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_reads                 26421324                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_writes                31959640                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads               55028024                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           437124                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.877782                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           29011563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           437636                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.291537                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        303567795                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   510.877782                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.997808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997808                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          173                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          316                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60138042                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60138042                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data     21031876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       21031876                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data      7756060                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7756060                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data     28787936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        28787936                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data     28787936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       28787936                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       805402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       805402                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data       256865                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       256865                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data      1062267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       1062267                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data      1062267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      1062267                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  23047516413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  23047516413                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  12039793487                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  12039793487                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data  35087309900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  35087309900                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data  35087309900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  35087309900                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data     21837278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21837278                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data      8012925                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8012925                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data     29850203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29850203                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data     29850203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29850203                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.036882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.036882                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.032056                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.032056                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.035587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.035587                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.035587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.035587                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 28616.164863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28616.164863                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 46872.066988                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 46872.066988                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 33030.593909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 33030.593909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 33030.593909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 33030.593909                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1946                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               20                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    97.300000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       397918                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           397918                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       401005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       401005                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total            3                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       401008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       401008                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       401008                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       401008                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       404397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404397                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       256862                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       256862                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       661259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       661259                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       661259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       661259                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  11839342473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11839342473                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  11697580709                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11697580709                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  23536923182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  23536923182                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  23536923182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  23536923182                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.018519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018519                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.032056                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.032056                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022153                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022153                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 29276.533884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 29276.533884                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 45540.331809                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45540.331809                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 35594.106367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35594.106367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 35594.106367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35594.106367                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              675                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          491.851789                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           11351886                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1177                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          9644.762957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   491.851789                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.960648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.960648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22707969                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        22707969                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst     11351891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11351891                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst     11351891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        11351891                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst     11351891                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       11351891                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1503                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst         1503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1503                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         1503                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1503                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    147907278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    147907278                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    147907278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    147907278                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    147907278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    147907278                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     11353394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11353394                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst     11353394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     11353394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst     11353394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     11353394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 98408.035928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98408.035928                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 98408.035928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 98408.035928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 98408.035928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 98408.035928                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          450                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                8                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    56.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              675                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1181                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1181                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1181                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    117911637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    117911637                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    117911637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    117911637                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    117911637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    117911637                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99840.505504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99840.505504                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99840.505504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99840.505504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99840.505504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99840.505504                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2.tags.replacements               279567                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4037.508116                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l2.tags.total_refs                 816563                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283663                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.878638                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1837925568                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.258100                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    37.715624                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  3998.534392                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000307                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.009208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.976205                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.985720                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           71                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          635                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          172                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9085479                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l2.tags.data_accesses             9085479                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       397918                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       397918                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          672                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          672                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data       223623                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          223623                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data        10466                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total            10466                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           98                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            98                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data       144708                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144708                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst              98                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data          155174                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::total              155272                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst             98                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data         155174                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::total             155272                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.conversionMisses                816563                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.l2.NumberOfConversion        69680044.743294                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1079                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1079                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data       259688                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259688                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          1079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data        282462                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::total            283541                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         1079                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data       282462                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::total           283541                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2530533267                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2530533267                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    115508709                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    115508709                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   5468673186                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5468673186                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    115508709                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   7999206453                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8114715162                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    115508709                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   7999206453                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8114715162                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       397918                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       397918                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          672                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          672                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data       223623                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       223623                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data        33240                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        33240                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         1177                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1177                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       404396                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404396                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data       437636                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::total          438813                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst         1177                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data       437636                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::total         438813                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.685138                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.685138                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.916737                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.916737                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.642163                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642163                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.916737                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.645427                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.646155                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.916737                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.645427                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.646155                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 111115.011285                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 111115.011285                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 107051.630213                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107051.630213                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 21058.628762                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21058.628762                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 107051.630213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 28319.584415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28619.194974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 107051.630213                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 28319.584415                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28619.194974                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278227                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l2.writebacks::total               278227                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1079                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1079                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       259688                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259688                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       282462                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283541                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       282462                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283541                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2439528363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2439528363                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111197025                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111197025                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4430959938                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4430959938                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111197025                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6870488301                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6981685326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111197025                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6870488301                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6981685326                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.685138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.685138                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.916737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.916737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.642163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642163                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.916737                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.645427                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.646155                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.916737                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.645427                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.646155                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 107119.011285                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 107119.011285                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103055.630213                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103055.630213                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17062.628762                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17062.628762                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103055.630213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 24323.584415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24623.194974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103055.630213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 24323.584415                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24623.194974                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1100239                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       661418                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          628                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          627                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405577                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       676145                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          675                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        40546                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       223623                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       223623                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        33240                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        33240                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1181                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404396                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side         3033                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side      1759642                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1762675                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side       118528                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side     53475456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53593984                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoops                     279571                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17806784                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       942007                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000685                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026199                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            941363     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               643      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        942007                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     631842525                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1179819                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    511664823                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.replacements                         1                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 87310.285278                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                     2154235                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                     96143                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                     22.406571                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      1005.568153                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     20813.280548                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      1008.206743                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     20833.913894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst      1000.946236                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     20825.768970                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst      1006.489001                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     20816.111733                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.007672                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.158793                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.007692                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.158950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.007637                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.158888                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.007679                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.158814                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.666125                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         96142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        96142                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.733505                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                  36102191                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                 36102191                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1113133                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1113133                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 6                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data                 3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    19                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        259424                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data        259696                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data        259587                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data        259498                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1038225                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu0.data               259430                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu1.data               259701                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu2.data               259592                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu3.data               259501                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                  1038244                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu0.data              259430                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu1.data              259701                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu2.data              259592                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu3.data              259501                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                 1038244                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.conversionMisses                          0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.l3.ConversionWrtBack                         0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.l3.NumberOfConversion                        0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           22772                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           22769                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data           22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           22771                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total               91086                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1072                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          194                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          194                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1068                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data          189                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1074                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data          190                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5057                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu0.data              22966                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               1076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu1.data              22963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               1068                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu2.data              22963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               1074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu3.data              22961                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                  96143                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              1072                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu0.data             22966                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              1076                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu1.data             22963                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              1068                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu2.data             22963                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              1074                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu3.data             22961                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total                 96143                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2358494145                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2202513282                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2208256533                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2333172825                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    9102436785                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    104049180                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21828483                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109366857                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     21620025                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    103702527                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     21060585                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    106101459                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     21300678                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    509029794                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    104049180                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2380322628                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109366857                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2224133307                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    103702527                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2229317118                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    106101459                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2354473503                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       9611466579                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    104049180                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2380322628                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109366857                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2224133307                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    103702527                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2229317118                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    106101459                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2354473503                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      9611466579                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1113133                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1113133                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         22778                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         22774                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data         22779                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data         22774                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total             91105                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1077                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       259618                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         1081                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       259890                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         1073                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       259776                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         1079                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       259688                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1043282                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           282396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             1081                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           282664                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             1073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu2.data           282555                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             1079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu3.data           282462                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total              1134387                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          282396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            1081                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          282664                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            1073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu2.data          282555                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            1079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu3.data          282462                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total             1134387                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999737                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999868                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999791                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995357                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000747                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995375                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000746                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995340                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000728                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995366                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000732                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.004847                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.995357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.081326                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.995375                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.081238                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.995340                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.081269                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.995366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.081289                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.084753                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.995357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.081326                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.995375                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.081238                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.995340                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.081269                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.995366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.081289                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.084753                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103569.916784                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 96732.982652                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 96963.929613                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 102462.466514                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99932.336309                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97060.802239                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 112517.953608                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101642.060409                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 111443.427835                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97099.744382                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 111431.666667                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 98790.930168                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 112108.831579                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 100658.452442                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97060.802239                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103645.503266                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101642.060409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 96857.261987                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97099.744382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 97083.008231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 98790.930168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 102542.289230                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 99970.529097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97060.802239                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 103645.503266                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101642.060409                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 96857.261987                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97099.744382                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 97083.008231                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 98790.930168                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 102542.289230                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99970.529097                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22772                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22769                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22771                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          91086                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1072                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          194                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          194                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1068                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          189                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1074                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          190                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         5057                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         22966                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          1076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         22963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          1068                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         22963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          1074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         22961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             96143                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22966                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1068                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22961                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            96143                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2081732965                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1925790423                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1931473828                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2056411098                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7995408314                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     91021919                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19470329                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96288192                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     19260867                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     90721199                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     18762950                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     93052902                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     18992984                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    447571342                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     91021919                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2101203294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96288192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1945051290                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     90721199                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1950236778                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     93052902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2075404082                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8442979656                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     91021919                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2101203294                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96288192                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1945051290                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     90721199                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   1950236778                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     93052902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2075404082                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8442979656                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999737                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999791                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000747                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995375                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000746                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995340                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000728                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004847                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081326                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995375                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081238                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995340                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.081269                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.081289                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.084753                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081326                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995375                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081238                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995340                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.081269                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.081289                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.084753                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91416.343097                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 84579.490667                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 84810.478089                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 90308.335075                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87778.674154                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84908.506530                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100362.520619                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89487.167286                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99282.819588                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 84944.942884                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 99274.867725                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 86641.435754                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 99963.073684                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 88505.307890                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84908.506530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91491.913873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89487.167286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 84703.709881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 84944.942884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 84929.529156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 86641.435754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 90388.227081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87816.894168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 84908.506530                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 91491.913873                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89487.167286                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 84703.709881                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 84944.942884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 84929.529156                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 86641.435754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 90388.227081                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 87816.894168                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         96143                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5057                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             91086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            91086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5057                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        96194                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        96092                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total       192286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 192286                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      3078208                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      3074944                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total      6153152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6153152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             96143                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   96143    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               96143                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy            73212029                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer9.occupancy            73080795                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer9.utilization               0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          517104345                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2250378                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1115991                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              1                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  35385617628                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1043282                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1113133                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2859                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            91105                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           91105                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1043282                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       845821                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       846635                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       846284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       846025                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count::total               3384765                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35944384                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35979072                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35964672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35953152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size::total              143841280                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                               1                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                         0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1134388                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000001                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.000939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                1134387    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total            1134388                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1120049163                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              3.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy         188909218                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer1.occupancy         189073438                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer2.occupancy         189000496                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer3.occupancy         188928610                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.5                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
