
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.026777                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 26777098098                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                26777098098                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 166063                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   245535                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11130190                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8678196                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2405.81                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   399515687                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     590710505                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         33984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu0.data        734464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         34688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu1.data        735232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         34560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu2.data        735424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         34560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu3.data        735232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           3078144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        33984                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        34688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        34560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        34560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       137792                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu0.inst            531                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu0.data          11476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu1.inst            542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu1.data          11488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu2.inst            540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu2.data          11491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu3.inst            540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu3.data          11488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              48096                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu0.inst          1269144                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu0.data         27428812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu1.inst          1295435                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu1.data         27457494                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu2.inst          1290655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu2.data         27464664                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu3.inst          1290655                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu3.data         27457494                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            114954353                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1269144                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      1295435                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      1290655                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      1290655                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         5145890                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu0.inst         1269144                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu0.data        27428812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu1.inst         1295435                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu1.data        27457494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu2.inst         1290655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu2.data        27464664                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu3.inst         1290655                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu3.data        27457494                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           114954353                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      48096                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    48096                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               3078144                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                3078144                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             2803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             3068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             3124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             3210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             3223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             3285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             3343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             3263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             3276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             2951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            2820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            2818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            2793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            2741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            2676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            2702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  15615433602                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                48096                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  26826                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  14741                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   5567                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    796                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                     42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        24835                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   123.943789                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.034993                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   172.796365                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17965     72.34%     72.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4823     19.42%     91.76% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          223      0.90%     92.66% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          417      1.68%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          581      2.34%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          225      0.91%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           40      0.16%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      0.09%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          538      2.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        24835                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1381753655                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2283553655                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 240480000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    28729.08                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               47479.08                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      114.95                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   114.95                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   23261                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                48.36                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    324672.19                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   48.36                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                94769220                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                50371035                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              180777660                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        316539600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy           428356140                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy            19033440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy     1285513590                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy       55346400                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy      5482397520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy            7913104605                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           295.517624                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         14639357461                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5031233                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    133954000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  22824915348                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    144100174                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    849806270                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2819291073                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                82552680                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                43877790                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              162627780                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        288266160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy           388025220                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy            16077120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy     1157131920                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy       54486240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy      5575235640                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy            7768280550                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           290.109120                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         14728765536                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5387910                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    122012000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  23204833598                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    141930401                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    765533597                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2537400592                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         34752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu0.data        735168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         33856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu1.data        734464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu2.data        734272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu3.data        734144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           3074752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        34752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        33856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       136704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu0.inst            543                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu0.data          11487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu1.inst            529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu1.data          11476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu2.inst            532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu2.data          11473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu3.inst            532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu3.data          11471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              48043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu0.inst          1297825                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu0.data         27455104                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu1.inst          1264364                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu1.data         27428812                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu2.inst          1271534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu2.data         27421642                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu3.inst          1271534                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu3.data         27416862                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            114827678                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1297825                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      1264364                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      1271534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      1271534                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         5105258                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu0.inst         1297825                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu0.data        27455104                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu1.inst         1264364                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu1.data        27428812                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu2.inst         1271534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu2.data        27421642                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu3.inst         1271534                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu3.data        27416862                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           114827678                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      48043                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    48043                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               3074752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                3074752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             2793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             3070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             3122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             3201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             3223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             3265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             3346                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             3258                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             3283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             2941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            2817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            2832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            2795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            2730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            2682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            2685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  15617127885                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                48043                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  26776                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  14736                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   5674                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    735                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                     79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        24806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   123.951947                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.975342                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   173.033635                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17969     72.44%     72.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4813     19.40%     91.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          199      0.80%     92.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          410      1.65%     94.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          572      2.31%     96.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          243      0.98%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           40      0.16%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      0.09%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          537      2.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        24806                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1388503233                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2289309483                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 240215000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    28901.26                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               47651.26                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      114.83                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   114.83                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.90                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.17                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   23237                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                48.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    325065.63                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   48.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                94512180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                50234415                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              180484920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        317154240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy           427153440                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy            19063200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy     1297924770                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy       48868320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy      5480528520                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy            7915924005                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           295.622916                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         14642028831                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      4771965                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    134214000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  22817129098                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    127263292                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    847271031                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2846448712                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                82602660                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                43904355                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              162542100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        286422240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy           387410190                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy            15794880                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy     1147440780                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy       57263520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy      5578548300                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy            7761929025                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           289.871920                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         14738427434                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5106789                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    121226000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  23220942098                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    149125119                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    764255207                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2516442885                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                6681449                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          6681449                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             2685                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             6023507                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 609691                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               572                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        6023507                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           4360571                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1662936                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1796                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        80411707                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34083336                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      99859391                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    6681449                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4970262                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     46154385                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   7398                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1367                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                 11341744                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2079                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          80242980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.840252                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.107550                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                55889491     69.65%     69.65% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 1686324      2.10%     71.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1849529      2.30%     74.06% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1974207      2.46%     76.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1458991      1.82%     78.34% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1586240      1.98%     80.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1302854      1.62%     81.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                 1187747      1.48%     83.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                13307597     16.58%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            80242980                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.083091                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.241851                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                24542472                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             33148705                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 18975177                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              3572927                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  3699                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             147652106                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  3699                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                26654926                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles                7591592                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles           970                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 20274259                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             25717534                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             147642618                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                   84                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               5349467                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents              18108809                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                981056                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          163333255                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            347794221                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       163502218                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104253894                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps            163238655                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   94555                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                20                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            18                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 26738596                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            29010713                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8015189                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6815718                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1550853                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147626464                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                472                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                148988023                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              122                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          73214                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        83409                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           420                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     80242980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.856711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.855235                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           25090125     31.27%     31.27% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15421000     19.22%     50.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15358655     19.14%     69.63% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9502700     11.84%     81.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6458223      8.05%     89.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4248520      5.29%     94.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2534860      3.16%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             974215      1.21%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             654682      0.82%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       80242980                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  47963      5.74%      5.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               111747     13.38%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.12% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                583670     69.86%     88.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1845      0.22%     89.20% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            90228     10.80%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               6      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              900      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76901870     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  75      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33683059     22.61%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20560548     13.80%     88.02% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5370647      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9828801      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2642095      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total             148988023                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.852815                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     835459                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005608                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         255446434                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87379306                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87287000                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123608172                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60321706                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60311330                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              87908427                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61914155                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7235810                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12452                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           91                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          892                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6329                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1381941                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           49                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3699                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                1197584                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3633038                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147626936                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2182                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29010713                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8015189                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 97292                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3452211                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           892                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           769                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2650                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                3419                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts            148983395                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30388604                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4627                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    38400758                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6674870                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   8012154                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.852758                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                     147599137                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                    147598330                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                112289522                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                183965005                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.835533                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610385                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          73379                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             2853                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     80230961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.839111                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.761311                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     43474589     54.19%     54.19% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10450044     13.02%     67.21% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4586674      5.72%     72.93% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4774067      5.95%     78.88% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3851058      4.80%     83.68% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1384618      1.73%     85.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       831714      1.04%     86.44% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       735100      0.92%     87.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10143097     12.64%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     80230961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            99796645                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps             147553675                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      37007119                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                     28998259                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   6671815                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  60307100                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 98333756                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              608492                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76865519     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33680605     22.83%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20552840     13.93%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5366979      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8445419      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2641881      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total        147553675                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events             10143097                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   217714918                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  295266282                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            671                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         168727                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   99796645                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                    147553675                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.805756                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.805756                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.241071                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.241071                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               166196633                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               75242005                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                104246467                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                56101397                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 26392578                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                31942477                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               54988211                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           432794                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.500604                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           28966156                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           433306                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.849192                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        304882812                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   510.500604                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.997071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          279                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         59992446                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        59992446                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     20890768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20890768                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      7754724                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7754724                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     28645492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        28645492                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     28645492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       28645492                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       879934                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       879934                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       254144                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254144                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1134078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1134078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1134078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1134078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13639380966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13639380966                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4599869193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4599869193                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18239250159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18239250159                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  18239250159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18239250159                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     21770702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21770702                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8008868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8008868                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     29779570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29779570                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     29779570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29779570                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040418                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031733                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038082                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.038082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038082                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 15500.459087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15500.459087                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18099.460121                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18099.460121                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16082.888619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16082.888619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16082.888619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16082.888619                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1582                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   131.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       394931                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           394931                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       476188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       476188                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          245                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       476433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       476433                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       476433                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       476433                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       403746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       403746                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       253899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       253899                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       657645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       657645                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       657645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       657645                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6960396969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6960396969                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4259690379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4259690379                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11220087348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11220087348                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  11220087348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11220087348                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018545                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031702                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022084                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022084                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17239.544092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17239.544092                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 16777.105774                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16777.105774                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17061.009128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17061.009128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17061.009128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17061.009128                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              672                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          492.122533                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           11340238                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1174                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          9659.487223                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   492.122533                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.961177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961177                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22684666                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        22684666                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     11340243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11340243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     11340243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        11340243                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     11340243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       11340243                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1501                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    145856331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    145856331                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    145856331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    145856331                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    145856331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    145856331                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     11341744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11341744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     11341744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     11341744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     11341744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     11341744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97172.772152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97172.772152                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97172.772152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97172.772152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97172.772152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97172.772152                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          648                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           72                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          672                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              672                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    116766450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116766450                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    116766450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116766450                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    116766450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116766450                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99122.623090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99122.623090                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99122.623090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99122.623090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99122.623090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99122.623090                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2.tags.replacements               279288                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4018.136943                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l2.tags.total_refs                 809049                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283384                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.854957                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1842681474                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.249715                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    49.415059                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  3966.472169                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.012064                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.968377                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          771                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3215                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9022856                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l2.tags.data_accesses             9022856                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       394931                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       394931                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          669                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          669                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data       224182                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224182                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data         7001                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             7001                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           95                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            95                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       144278                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144278                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              95                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data          151279                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::total              151374                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             95                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data         151279                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::total             151374                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.conversionMisses                809049                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.l2.NumberOfConversion        69038850.057518                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data        22777                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22777                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1079                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1079                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       259407                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259407                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          1079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data        282184                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::total            283263                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1079                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data       282184                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::total           283263                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2638456236                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2638456236                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    114379839                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    114379839                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5463714816                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5463714816                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    114379839                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8102171052                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8216550891                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    114379839                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8102171052                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8216550891                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       394931                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       394931                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          669                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          669                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data       224182                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224182                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        29778                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29778                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1174                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1174                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       403685                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       403685                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst         1174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       433463                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::total          434637                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         1174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       433463                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::total         434637                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.764894                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.764894                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.919080                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.919080                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.642598                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642598                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.919080                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.650999                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.651723                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.919080                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.650999                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.651723                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 115838.619485                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115838.619485                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106005.411492                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106005.411492                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21062.326059                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21062.326059                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106005.411492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28712.368710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29006.791890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106005.411492                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28712.368710                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29006.791890                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.writebacks::writebacks          277952                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2.writebacks::total               277952                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1079                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1079                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       259407                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259407                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       282184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283263                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       282184                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283263                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2547439344                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2547439344                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    110068155                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110068155                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4427124444                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4427124444                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    110068155                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6974563788                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7084631943                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    110068155                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6974563788                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7084631943                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.764894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764894                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.919080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.919080                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.642598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642598                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.919080                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.650999                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651723                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.919080                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.650999                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651723                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111842.619485                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111842.619485                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102009.411492                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102009.411492                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17066.326059                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17066.326059                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102009.411492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24716.368710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25010.791890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102009.411492                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24716.368710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25010.791890                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1092446                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       657801                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          627                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          626                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       404863                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       672883                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          672                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39356                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224182                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224182                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        29778                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        29778                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1178                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       403685                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side         3024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side      1748241                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1751265                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side       118144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side     53017216                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53135360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoops                     279292                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17789184                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       938111                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000686                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026233                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            937468     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               642      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        938111                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     627256116                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1176822                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    507682143                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                6697945                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          6697945                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect             2701                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             6038899                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 610608                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect               583                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups        6038899                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits           4371524                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses         1667375                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1811                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                        80411707                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34162950                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                     100063113                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    6697945                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           4982132                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     46068346                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                   7442                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1374                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                 11368318                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2025                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          80236594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.844225                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.104054                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                55832260     69.58%     69.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                 1600900      2.00%     71.58% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                 1858736      2.32%     73.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1882009      2.35%     76.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1639147      2.04%     78.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                 1680479      2.09%     80.38% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1312197      1.64%     82.01% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                 1269142      1.58%     83.60% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                13161724     16.40%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            80236594                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.083296                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       1.244385                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                24527560                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             33076734                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 19137034                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles              3491545                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                  3721                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts             147959080                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                  3721                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                26584699                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles                9260122                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles           784                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 20379698                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles             24007570                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts             147949533                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                  101                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents               5513516                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents              16512008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.SQFullEvents                685238                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands          163645699                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            348540590                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       163703030                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104643434                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps            163550553                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                   95014                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                19                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts            17                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                 25627330                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            29048705                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            8024917                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6835068                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1560885                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147933557                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                462                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                149295195                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              122                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          73846                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        84186                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           410                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     80236594                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.860687                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.854603                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           24958799     31.11%     31.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15443070     19.25%     50.35% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15417466     19.22%     69.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9528152     11.88%     81.44% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6462762      8.05%     89.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4261835      5.31%     94.81% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2539011      3.16%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             965544      1.20%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             659955      0.82%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       80236594                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  48185      5.72%      5.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.72% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               112713     13.38%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                589420     69.97%     89.07% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1877      0.22%     89.30% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            90148     10.70%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               9      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              907      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             77058914     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33785036     22.63%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20578872     13.78%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5375730      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9848873      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2646761      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total             149295195                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          1.856635                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     842352                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005642                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         255684501                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87498782                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87406193                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123984950                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60509940                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60498785                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              88033532                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses               62103108                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7231762                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12533                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           95                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          884                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6301                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382263                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           49                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3721                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                1285401                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles              5170040                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147934019                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2255                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29048705                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8024917                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               169                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 96579                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              4984028                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           884                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           773                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2648                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                3421                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149290474                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30426949                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4714                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    38448851                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 6691397                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   8021902                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    1.856576                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                     147905839                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                    147904978                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                112500716                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                184410644                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      1.839346                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610055                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts          74023                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts             2879                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     80224445                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.843080                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.762071                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     43380766     54.07%     54.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10470191     13.05%     67.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4594145      5.73%     72.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4788894      5.97%     78.82% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3878401      4.83%     83.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1389403      1.73%     85.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       835329      1.04%     86.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       736225      0.92%     87.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10151091     12.65%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     80224445                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts           100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps             147860059                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      37054773                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                     29036158                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   6688311                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                  60494441                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 98477176                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              609425                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        77022312     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33782542     22.85%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20571030     13.91%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5372066      3.63%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8465128      5.73%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2646549      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total        147860059                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events             10151091                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   218007436                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  295880536                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            673                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                         175113                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                    147860059                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              0.804117                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        0.804117                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              1.243600                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        1.243600                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               166398405                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               75339617                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                104635182                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                56277340                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_reads                 26458526                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_writes                31981173                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads               55078881                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           433347                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.533894                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           29019674                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           433859                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.887339                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        281529855                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   510.533894                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.997137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997137                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          272                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60096647                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60096647                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     20934289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20934289                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      7763941                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7763941                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     28698230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        28698230                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     28698230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       28698230                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       878491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       878491                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       254673                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254673                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1133164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       1133164                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1133164                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      1133164                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  13649891445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13649891445                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4434352874                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4434352874                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  18084244319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18084244319                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  18084244319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18084244319                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     21812780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21812780                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      8018614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8018614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     29831394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29831394                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     29831394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29831394                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.040274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040274                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.031760                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031760                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.037986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037986                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.037986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037986                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15537.884219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15537.884219                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17411.947376                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17411.947376                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15959.070637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15959.070637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 15959.070637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15959.070637                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1431                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   102.214286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       395522                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           395522                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       474168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       474168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          267                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       474435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       474435                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       474435                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       474435                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       404323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       254406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       254406                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       658729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       658729                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       658729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       658729                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6969940083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6969940083                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4093659575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4093659575                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  11063599658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11063599658                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  11063599658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11063599658                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018536                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.031727                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031727                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022082                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022082                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17238.544636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17238.544636                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16091.049641                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16091.049641                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16795.373603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16795.373603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 16795.373603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16795.373603                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              669                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          493.565904                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           11366825                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1173                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          9690.387894                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   493.565904                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.963996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963996                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22737813                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        22737813                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     11366829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11366829                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     11366829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        11366829                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     11366829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       11366829                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         1489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1489                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1489                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    150990192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150990192                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    150990192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    150990192                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    150990192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    150990192                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11368318                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     11368318                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     11368318                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101403.755541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101403.755541                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101403.755541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101403.755541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101403.755541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101403.755541                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1216                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   243.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          669                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              669                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120939939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120939939                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120939939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120939939                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120939939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120939939                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102752.709431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102752.709431                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102752.709431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102752.709431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102752.709431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102752.709431                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2.tags.replacements               279769                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4019.099763                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l2.tags.total_refs                 810203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283865                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.854184                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1804680513                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.362774                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    48.904197                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  3968.832791                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000333                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.011940                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.968953                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.981226                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           89                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          789                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3197                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9036417                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l2.tags.data_accesses             9036417                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       395522                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       395522                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          667                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          667                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data       224715                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224715                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data         6996                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             6996                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           97                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            97                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data       144348                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144348                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              97                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data          151344                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::total              151441                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             97                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data         151344                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::total             151441                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.conversionMisses                810203                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.l2.NumberOfConversion        69137324.727119                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          1076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data        282671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::total            283747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data       282671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::total           283747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2468942253                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2468942253                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118547001                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    118547001                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5475054132                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5475054132                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118547001                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7943996385                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8062543386                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118547001                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7943996385                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8062543386                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       395522                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       395522                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          667                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          667                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data       224715                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224715                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        29770                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29770                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         1173                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1173                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       404245                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404245                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst         1173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data       434015                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::total          435188                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         1173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data       434015                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::total         435188                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.764998                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.764998                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.917306                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.642920                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642920                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.652010                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.652010                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 108410.567006                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108410.567006                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 110173.792751                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110173.792751                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21066.245982                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21066.245982                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 110173.792751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28103.329967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28414.550237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 110173.792751                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28103.329967                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28414.550237                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2.writebacks::total               278434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       282671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       282671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2377937349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2377937349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114247305                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114247305                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4436505720                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4436505720                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114247305                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6814443069                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6928690374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114247305                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6814443069                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6928690374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.764998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.764998                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.642920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642920                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.652010                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.652010                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 104414.567006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104414.567006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 106177.792751                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106177.792751                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17070.245982                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17070.245982                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 106177.792751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24107.329967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24418.550237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 106177.792751                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24107.329967                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24418.550237                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1094079                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       658883                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           14                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          626                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          625                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405422                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       673956                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          669                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39316                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224715                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224715                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        29770                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        29770                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404245                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side         3019                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side      1750963                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1753982                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side       117888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side     53090368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53208256                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoops                     279773                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17820032                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       939676                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000682                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026150                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            939036     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               639      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        939676                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     628191513                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1176155                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    508411412                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                6686296                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          6686296                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect             2743                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             6028032                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 609930                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect               590                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups        6028032                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits           4363646                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses         1664386                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1836                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                        80411707                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34106187                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      99917666                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    6686296                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           4973576                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     46130696                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                   7492                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 175                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1348                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                 11349346                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2066                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          80242159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.841365                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.108366                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                55895504     69.66%     69.66% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                 1665833      2.08%     71.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                 1839038      2.29%     74.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 1980249      2.47%     76.49% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                 1461376      1.82%     78.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                 1591992      1.98%     80.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 1311103      1.63%     81.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                 1178114      1.47%     83.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                13318950     16.60%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            80242159                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.083151                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.242576                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                24570816                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             33112642                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 18968896                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              3586059                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                  3746                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             147739924                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                  3746                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                26656393                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles                7715737                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles          1171                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 20289859                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles             25575253                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             147730382                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                   53                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents               5426790                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents              18078389                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents                781774                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          163422812                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            348007860                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       163558768                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104365780                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            163326989                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                   95765                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                19                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts            17                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 26708597                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads            29021307                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            8017849                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6825318                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores         1544286                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147714102                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                484                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                149075391                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              141                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          74020                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        85284                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           432                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     80242159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.857819                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.857426                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           25120124     31.31%     31.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15399427     19.19%     50.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15331392     19.11%     69.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9442173     11.77%     81.37% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6545401      8.16%     89.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4220709      5.26%     94.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2532925      3.16%     97.94% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             996102      1.24%     99.19% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             653906      0.81%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       80242159                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  48010      5.88%      5.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.88% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               107777     13.21%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.10% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                568374     69.67%     88.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1785      0.22%     88.98% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            89886     11.02%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               9      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              921      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76946754     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33712050     22.61%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20565698     13.80%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5371981      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9834480      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2643405      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             149075391                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.853902                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     815841                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005473                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         255498060                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87413653                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87320632                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123710860                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60375814                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60364728                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              87926981                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61963330                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7232402                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12392                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           98                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          891                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6249                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382028                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           51                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3746                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                1275375                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3662055                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147714586                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2194                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29021307                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8017849                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               176                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 96452                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3478377                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           891                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           782                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2707                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                3489                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149070552                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30399402                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4836                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    38414197                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 6679560                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   8014795                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.853841                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     147686184                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    147685360                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                112405934                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                184152329                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.836615                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610396                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts          74190                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts             2901                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     80229988                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.840216                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.764060                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     43484916     54.20%     54.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10456059     13.03%     67.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4589353      5.72%     72.95% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4772824      5.95%     78.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3791054      4.73%     83.63% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1385860      1.73%     85.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       833324      1.04%     86.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       738974      0.92%     87.31% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10177624     12.69%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     80229988                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            99854279                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             147640507                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                      37020512                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                     29008912                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   6676495                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                  60360400                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 98374181                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              608754                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76909969     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33709594     22.83%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20557918     13.92%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5368401      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8450994      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2643199      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total        147640507                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events             10177624                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   217767061                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  295441731                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                            673                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                         169548                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   99854279                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    147640507                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.805291                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.805291                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              1.241788                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        1.241788                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               166252848                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               75269609                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                104357443                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                56151530                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                 26411316                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes                31953369                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads               55013841                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           433745                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.498091                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           28974030                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           434257                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.720928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        304945749                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   510.498091                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.997067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          210                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          275                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60027101                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60027101                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data     20896238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20896238                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      7757131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7757131                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data     28653369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        28653369                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data     28653369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       28653369                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       888576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       888576                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       254477                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254477                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1143053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       1143053                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1143053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      1143053                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13670634015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13670634015                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4470177347                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4470177347                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  18140811362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18140811362                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  18140811362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18140811362                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data     21784814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21784814                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      8011608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8011608                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data     29796422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29796422                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data     29796422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29796422                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.040789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040789                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031764                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031764                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.038362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.038362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15384.878744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15384.878744                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17566.135042                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17566.135042                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15870.490137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 15870.490137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 15870.490137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 15870.490137                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1224                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    94.153846                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       395816                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           395816                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       483978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       483978                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          317                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       484295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       484295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       484295                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       484295                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       404598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404598                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       254160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       254160                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       658758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       658758                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       658758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       658758                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6969377979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6969377979                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4128934598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4128934598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11098312577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11098312577                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  11098312577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11098312577                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018572                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031724                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022109                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022109                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17225.438532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17225.438532                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16245.414692                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16245.414692                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16847.328726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16847.328726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 16847.328726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16847.328726                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              660                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          493.542577                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           11347856                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1164                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          9749.017182                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   493.542577                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.963950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963950                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22699860                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        22699860                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     11347856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11347856                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     11347856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        11347856                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     11347856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       11347856                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1490                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst         1490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          1490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         1490                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    144717471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144717471                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    144717471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144717471                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    144717471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144717471                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     11349346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11349346                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     11349346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     11349346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     11349346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     11349346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97125.819463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97125.819463                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97125.819463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97125.819463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97125.819463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97125.819463                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          315                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           45                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks          660                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total              660                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1168                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1168                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    116132085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116132085                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    116132085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116132085                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    116132085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116132085                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 99428.154966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99428.154966                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 99428.154966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99428.154966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 99428.154966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99428.154966                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2.tags.replacements               279498                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4018.092347                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l2.tags.total_refs                 810942                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283594                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.859517                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1834229601                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.394411                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    49.186481                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  3967.511454                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000340                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.012008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.968631                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.980980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           87                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          788                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3200                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9039890                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l2.tags.data_accesses             9039890                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       395816                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       395816                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          657                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          657                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data       224283                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224283                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data         7220                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             7220                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst           87                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            87                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data       144859                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144859                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              87                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data          152079                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::total              152166                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             87                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data         152079                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::total             152166                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.conversionMisses                810942                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.l2.NumberOfConversion        69200386.062332                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data        22779                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22779                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data       259617                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259617                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          1077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data        282396                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::total            283473                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data       282396                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::total           283473                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2508999822                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2508999822                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    113797422                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    113797422                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5467997196                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5467997196                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    113797422                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7976997018                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8090794440                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    113797422                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7976997018                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8090794440                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       395816                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       395816                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          657                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          657                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data       224283                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224283                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        29999                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29999                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         1164                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1164                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       404476                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404476                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst         1164                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data       434475                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::total          435639                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         1164                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       434475                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::total         435639                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.759325                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.759325                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925258                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.925258                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.641860                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.641860                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925258                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649971                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.650706                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925258                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649971                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.650706                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 110145.301462                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110145.301462                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 105661.487465                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105661.487465                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21061.784074                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21061.784074                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 105661.487465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28247.556686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28541.675715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 105661.487465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28247.556686                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28541.675715                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278162                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l2.writebacks::total               278162                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22779                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22779                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       259617                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259617                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       282396                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       282396                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283473                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2417974938                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2417974938                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    109493730                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109493730                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4430567664                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4430567664                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    109493730                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6848542602                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6958036332                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    109493730                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6848542602                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6958036332                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.759325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.759325                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925258                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.641860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641860                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925258                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649971                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650706                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925258                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649971                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650706                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 106149.301462                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106149.301462                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 101665.487465                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101665.487465                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17065.784074                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17065.784074                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 101665.487465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24251.556686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24545.675715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 101665.487465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24251.556686                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24545.675715                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1094549                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       658902                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          630                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          629                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405644                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       673978                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          660                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39484                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224283                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224283                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        29999                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        29999                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1168                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404476                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side         2992                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side      1751479                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1754471                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side       116736                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side     53138624                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53255360                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoops                     279503                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17802624                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       939425                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000689                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026275                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            938779     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               645      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        939425                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     628537833                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1167164                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    508726764                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                6687035                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted          6687035                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect             2684                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups             6028739                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                 609998                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect               579                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups        6028739                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits           4364280                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses         1664459                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1794                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                        80411707                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34110782                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                      99927280                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                    6687035                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches           4974278                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                     46128370                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                   7328                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 151                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1128                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                 11350635                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2071                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples          80244102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.841501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.108303                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                55881453     69.64%     69.64% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                 1679286      2.09%     71.73% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                 1847928      2.30%     74.03% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                 1975729      2.46%     76.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                 1460644      1.82%     78.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                 1589870      1.98%     80.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                 1307430      1.63%     81.93% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                 1183310      1.47%     83.40% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                13318452     16.60%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total            80244102                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.083160                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       1.242696                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                24556325                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles             33122688                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                 18984774                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles              3576651                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                  3664                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts             147754668                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                  3664                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                26665231                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles                7686892                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles          1082                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                 20287865                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles             25599368                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts             147745277                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.ROBFullEvents                   82                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents               5369211                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LQFullEvents              18061622                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu3.rename.SQFullEvents                886689                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands          163437931                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups            348044220                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups       163569414                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104383929                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps            163343092                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                   94718                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                20                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts            18                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                 26759114                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads            29023452                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores            8018439                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6823079                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores         1562709                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147729333                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                478                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                149091127                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              111                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          73452                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        83499                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           426                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     80244102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.857970                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.855711                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           25061163     31.23%     31.23% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15435311     19.24%     50.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15358570     19.14%     69.61% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9490998     11.83%     81.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6486115      8.08%     89.52% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4241087      5.29%     94.80% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2539083      3.16%     97.97% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             972911      1.21%     99.18% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             658864      0.82%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       80244102                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  47968      5.78%      5.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.78% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               111258     13.40%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.18% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                579177     69.75%     88.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 1788      0.22%     89.15% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            90104     10.85%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               9      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              885      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76954598     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33717245     22.62%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20566783     13.79%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5372348      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9835506      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2643660      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total             149091127                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          1.854097                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     830304                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005569                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         255523428                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87419647                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87327101                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123733339                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60384475                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60374127                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses              87944110                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61976436                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7236663                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12480                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           86                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          887                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6312                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382046                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           82                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3664                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                1244738                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles              3661909                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147729811                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2149                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29023452                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8018439                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               175                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 97063                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              3480459                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           887                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           774                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2600                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                3374                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149086437                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30401537                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4686                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                    38416953                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                 6680418                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                   8015416                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    1.854039                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                     147702035                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                    147701228                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                112374057                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                184119867                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      1.836812                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610331                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts          73594                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts             2819                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     80232055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.840365                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.762343                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     43457862     54.17%     54.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10456963     13.03%     67.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4589381      5.72%     72.92% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4776989      5.95%     78.87% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3839170      4.79%     83.66% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1385930      1.73%     85.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       833425      1.04%     86.42% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       735988      0.92%     87.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10156347     12.66%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     80232055                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts            99864763                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps             147656264                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                      37023064                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                     29010953                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                   6677335                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                  60369864                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                 98381732                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls              608802                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76918001     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33714767     22.83%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20558942     13.92%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5368671      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8452011      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2643440      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total        147656264                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events             10156347                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                   217805566                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                  295471968                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                            662                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                         167605                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   99864763                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                    147656264                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              0.805206                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        0.805206                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              1.241918                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        1.241918                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads               166264534                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes               75274902                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_reads                104376600                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                56160339                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_reads                 26414766                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_writes                31955403                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads               55018735                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           433711                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.519552                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           28978646                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           434223                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.736783                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        303136893                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   510.519552                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.997109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997109                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           28                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          211                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          273                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60023757                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60023757                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data     20900265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20900265                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data      7757598                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7757598                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data     28657863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        28657863                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data     28657863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       28657863                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       882383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       882383                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data       254521                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254521                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data      1136904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       1136904                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data      1136904                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      1136904                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  13654101231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  13654101231                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4564267829                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   4564267829                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data  18218369060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  18218369060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data  18218369060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  18218369060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data     21782648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21782648                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data      8012119                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8012119                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data     29794767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29794767                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data     29794767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29794767                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.040509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.040509                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.031767                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031767                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.038158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.038158                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.038158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.038158                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 15474.120910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15474.120910                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17932.775013                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 17932.775013                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16024.544781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 16024.544781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16024.544781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 16024.544781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1735                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               18                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    96.388889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       395838                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           395838                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       477806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       477806                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          300                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       478106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       478106                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       478106                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       478106                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       404577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404577                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       254221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       254221                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       658798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       658798                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       658798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       658798                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6967169190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6967169190                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4223666105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4223666105                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  11190835295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  11190835295                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  11190835295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  11190835295                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.018573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018573                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.031730                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031730                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17220.873134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17220.873134                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16614.151093                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16614.151093                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16986.747524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16986.747524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 16986.747524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16986.747524                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              674                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          492.133596                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           11349131                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          9650.621599                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   492.133596                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.961198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961198                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22702450                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        22702450                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst     11349137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11349137                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst     11349137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        11349137                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst     11349137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       11349137                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst         1498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         1498                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1498                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    146178675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146178675                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    146178675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146178675                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    146178675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146178675                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     11350635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11350635                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst     11350635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     11350635                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst     11350635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     11350635                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 97582.560080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97582.560080                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 97582.560080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97582.560080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 97582.560080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97582.560080                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          461                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    65.857143                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    118131417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118131417                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    118131417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118131417                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    118131417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118131417                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 100111.370339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100111.370339                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 100111.370339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100111.370339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 100111.370339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100111.370339                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2.tags.replacements               279525                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4018.833399                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l2.tags.total_refs                 810954                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283621                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.859288                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1831506327                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.247784                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    49.359093                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  3967.226522                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000549                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.012051                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.968561                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.981160                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           90                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          786                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3199                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9040229                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l2.tags.data_accesses             9040229                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       395838                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       395838                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          671                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          671                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data       224349                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224349                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data         7182                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             7182                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           99                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            99                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data       144843                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144843                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst              99                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data          152025                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::total              152124                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst             99                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data         152025                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::total             152124                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.conversionMisses                810954                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.l2.NumberOfConversion        69201410.062363                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data       259650                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259650                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          1077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data        282424                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::total            283501                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         1077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data       282424                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::total           283501                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2600822574                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2600822574                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    115724493                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    115724493                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   5470034823                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5470034823                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    115724493                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   8070857397                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8186581890                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    115724493                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   8070857397                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8186581890                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       395838                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       395838                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          671                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          671                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data       224349                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224349                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data        29956                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        29956                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         1176                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1176                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       404493                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404493                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data       434449                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::total          435625                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst         1176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data       434449                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::total         435625                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.760248                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.760248                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915816                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.915816                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.641915                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.641915                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650074                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.650791                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650074                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.650791                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 114201.395187                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114201.395187                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 107450.782730                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107450.782730                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 21066.954835                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21066.954835                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 107450.782730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 28577.094712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28876.730206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 107450.782730                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 28577.094712                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28876.730206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278193                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l2.writebacks::total               278193                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       259650                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259650                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       282424                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283501                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       282424                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283501                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2509817670                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2509817670                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111420801                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111420801                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4432473423                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4432473423                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111420801                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6942291093                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7053711894                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111420801                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6942291093                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7053711894                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.760248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.760248                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.915816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.641915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641915                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650074                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650791                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915816                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.650074                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650791                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 110205.395187                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110205.395187                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103454.782730                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103454.782730                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17070.954835                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17070.954835                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103454.782730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 24581.094712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24880.730206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103454.782730                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 24581.094712                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24880.730206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1094589                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       658956                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           17                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          626                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          625                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405673                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       674031                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          674                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39431                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224349                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224348                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        29956                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        29956                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1180                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404493                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side         3030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side      1751532                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1754562                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side       118400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side     53138368                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53256768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoops                     279529                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17804608                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       939503                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000685                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026213                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            938860     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               642      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        939503                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     628575129                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1179152                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    508722435                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.replacements                         1                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 84528.459689                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                     2153433                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                     96139                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                     22.399162                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      1008.480824                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     20111.080906                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      1005.056599                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     20149.102979                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst      1005.073149                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     20122.014148                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst      1006.394631                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     20121.256455                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.007694                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.153435                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.007668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.153725                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.007668                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.153519                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.007678                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.153513                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.644901                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         96138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        96138                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.733475                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                  36089291                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                 36089291                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1112741                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1112741                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data                 3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        259216                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data        259702                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data        259427                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data        259462                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1037827                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu0.data               259221                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu1.data               259707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu2.data               259432                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu3.data               259465                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                  1037845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu0.data              259221                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu1.data              259707                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu2.data              259432                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu3.data              259465                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                 1037845                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.conversionMisses                          0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.l3.ConversionWrtBack                         0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.l3.NumberOfConversion                        0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           22772                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           22769                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data           22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           22771                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total               91086                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1074                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          191                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1071                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          195                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1072                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data          190                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1072                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data          188                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5053                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               1074                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu0.data              22963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               1071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu1.data              22964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu2.data              22964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu3.data              22959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                  96139                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              1074                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu0.data             22963                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              1071                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu1.data             22964                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              1072                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu2.data             22964                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              1072                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu3.data             22959                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total                 96139                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2441039517                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2271544515                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2311503183                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2403436158                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    9427523373                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    104972589                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21036609                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109164060                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     22225752                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    104407821                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     21297015                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    106335225                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     22536441                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    511975512                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    104972589                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2462076126                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109164060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2293770267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    104407821                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2332800198                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    106335225                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2425972599                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       9939498885                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    104972589                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2462076126                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109164060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2293770267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    104407821                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2332800198                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    106335225                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2425972599                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      9939498885                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1112741                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1112741                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         22777                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         22774                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data         22779                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data         22774                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total             91104                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1079                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       259407                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         1077                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       259617                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         1077                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       259650                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1042880                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           282184                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             1076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           282671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             1077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu2.data           282396                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             1077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu3.data           282424                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total              1133984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          282184                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            1076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          282671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            1077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu2.data          282396                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            1077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu3.data          282424                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total             1133984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999868                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999802                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995366                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000736                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000750                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995357                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000732                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995357                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000724                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.004845                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.995366                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.081376                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.995353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.081239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.995357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.081318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.995357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.081293                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.084780                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.995366                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.081376                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.995353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.081239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.995357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.081318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.995357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.081293                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.084780                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107194.779422                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99764.790505                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101497.461272                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 105548.116376                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103501.343489                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97739.840782                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 110139.314136                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101927.226891                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 113978.215385                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97395.355410                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 112089.552632                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99193.306903                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 119874.686170                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101321.098753                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97739.840782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107219.271262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101927.226891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99885.484541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97395.355410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101585.098328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99193.306903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 105665.429635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103386.751318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97739.840782                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107219.271262                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101927.226891                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99885.484541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97395.355410                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101585.098328                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99193.306903                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 105665.429635                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103386.751318                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22772                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22769                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22771                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          91086                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1074                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          191                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1071                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          195                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1072                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          190                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1072                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          188                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         5053                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          1074                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         22963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          1071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         22964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         22964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         22959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             96139                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1074                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            96139                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2164304083                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1994814369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2034691220                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2126701552                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8320511224                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     91919895                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     18716280                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96146893                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     19856179                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     91380510                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     18988322                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     93307493                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     20252570                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    450568142                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     91919895                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2183020363                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96146893                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2014670548                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     91380510                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2053679542                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     93307493                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2146954122                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8771079366                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     91919895                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2183020363                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96146893                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2014670548                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     91380510                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2053679542                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     93307493                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2146954122                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8771079366                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004845                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995366                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081376                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.081318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.081293                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.084780                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995366                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081376                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.081318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.081293                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.084780                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95042.336334                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87610.978480                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89342.725037                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 93395.175969                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91347.860527                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85586.494413                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 97990.994764                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89773.009337                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 101826.558974                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85243.013060                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 99938.536842                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87040.571828                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 107726.436170                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89168.442905                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85586.494413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95066.862474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89773.009337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87731.690820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85243.013060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89430.392876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87040.571828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 93512.527636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91233.311830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85586.494413                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95066.862474                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89773.009337                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87731.690820                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85243.013060                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89430.392876                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87040.571828                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 93512.527636                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91233.311830                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         96139                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5053                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             91086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            91086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5053                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        96192                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        96086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total       192278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 192278                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      3078144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      3074752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total      6152896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6152896                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             96139                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   96139    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               96139                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy            72447186                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer9.occupancy            72306792                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer9.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          521813542                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.9                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2249572                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1115588                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              1                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  26777098098                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1042880                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1112741                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2848                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            91104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           91104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1042880                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       845191                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       846641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       845819                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       845905                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count::total               3383556                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35917760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35979584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35944640                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35948416                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size::total              143790400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                               1                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                         0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1133985                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000001                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.000939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                1133984    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total            1133985                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1119650229                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy         188723210                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer1.occupancy         189016006                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer2.occupancy         188851782                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer3.occupancy         188877070                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
