
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.028262                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 28262475234                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                28262475234                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 168394                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   248982                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               11912647                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8678200                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2372.48                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   399510898                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     590703269                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         33920                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu0.data        734464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         34688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu1.data        735232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         34432                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu2.data        735424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         34560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu3.data        735232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total           3077952                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        33920                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        34688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        34432                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        34560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       137600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu0.inst            530                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu0.data          11476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu1.inst            542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu1.data          11488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu2.inst            538                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu2.data          11491                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu3.inst            540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu3.data          11488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total              48093                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu0.inst          1200178                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu0.data         25987250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu1.inst          1227352                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu1.data         26014424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu2.inst          1218294                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu2.data         26021217                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu3.inst          1222823                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu3.data         26014424                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            108905960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1200178                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      1227352                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      1218294                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      1222823                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         4868646                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu0.inst         1200178                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu0.data        25987250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu1.inst         1227352                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu1.data        26014424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu2.inst         1218294                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu2.data        26021217                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu3.inst         1222823                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu3.data        26014424                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total           108905960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                      48093                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                    48093                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM               3077952                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                3077952                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0             2803                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1             3068                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2             3124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3             3210                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4             3223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5             3285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6             3343                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7             3262                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8             3276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9             2951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10            2820                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11            2818                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12            2791                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13            2741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14            2676                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15            2702                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  16698129489                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                48093                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                  26830                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                  14737                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                   5565                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                    795                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    109                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                     42                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     11                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples        24830                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean   123.961015                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    88.032225                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev   172.910086                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17961     72.34%     72.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4825     19.43%     91.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383          223      0.90%     92.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511          413      1.66%     94.33% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639          580      2.34%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          225      0.91%     97.57% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895           40      0.16%     97.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           25      0.10%     97.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          538      2.17%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total        24830                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                  1382154021                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat             2283897771                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                 240465000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    28739.19                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               47489.19                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      108.91                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   108.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.16                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   23263                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                48.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                    347204.99                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   48.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy                94762080                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy                50367240                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy              180770520                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        315924960.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy           428317950                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy            19013760                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy     1283759700                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy       53885280                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy      5840756820                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy            8267558310                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           292.527740                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         15719365278                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5019233                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF    133694000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  24318078734                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    140294454                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    849916815                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2815471998                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy                82524120                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy                43862610                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy              162613500                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        288266160.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy           388117560                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy            16077600                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy     1157688810                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy       53939520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy      5931725940                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy            8124815820                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           287.477139                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         15816205855                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5387910                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF    122012000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  24690210734                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    140507798                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    765726223                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2538630569                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         34752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu0.data        735168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         33856                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu1.data        734464                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu2.data        734272                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         34048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu3.data        734144                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total           3074752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        34752                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        33856                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        34048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       136704                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu0.inst            543                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu0.data          11487                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu1.inst            529                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu1.data          11476                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu2.inst            532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu2.data          11473                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu3.inst            532                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu3.data          11471                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total              48043                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu0.inst          1229616                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu0.data         26012159                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu1.inst          1197913                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu1.data         25987250                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu2.inst          1204707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu2.data         25980456                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu3.inst          1204707                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu3.data         25975927                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            108792736                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst      1229616                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst      1197913                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst      1204707                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst      1204707                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         4836944                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu0.inst         1229616                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu0.data        26012159                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu1.inst         1197913                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu1.data        25987250                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu2.inst         1204707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu2.data        25980456                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu3.inst         1204707                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu3.data        25975927                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total           108792736                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                      48043                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                    48043                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM               3074752                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                3074752                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0             2793                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1             3070                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2             3122                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3             3201                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4             3223                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5             3265                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6             3347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7             3257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8             3283                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9             2941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10            2817                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11            2832                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12            2795                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13            2730                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14            2682                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15            2685                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15               0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  16700979615                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                48043                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                  26786                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                  14732                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                   5669                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                    734                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                     79                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                     27                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      7                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples        24807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean   123.946950                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    87.970656                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev   173.053884                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127        17970     72.44%     72.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4814     19.41%     91.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383          199      0.80%     92.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511          410      1.65%     94.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639          568      2.29%     96.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          245      0.99%     97.58% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895           41      0.17%     97.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      0.09%     97.84% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          537      2.16%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total        24807                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                  1388648905                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat             2289455155                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                 240215000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    28904.29                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               47654.29                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      108.79                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   108.79                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.85                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.16                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   23236                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                48.37                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                    347625.66                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   48.37                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy                94526460                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy                50242005                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy              180484920                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        317154240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy           427205880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy            19065120                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy     1298859000                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy       48035520                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy      5837019120                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy            8272592265                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           292.705855                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         15729571888                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE      4777965                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF    134214000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF  24302506234                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    125097361                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT    847355252                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2848524422                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy                82595520                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy                43900560                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy              162542100                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        285807600.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy           387500820                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy            15771840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy     1145322660                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy       56004000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy      5936907600                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy            8116352700                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           287.177692                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         15818135990                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE      5088789                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF    120966000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF  24714105484                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    145843856                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT    764671346                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN   2511799759                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                6683057                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          6683057                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             2693                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             6024996                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 609790                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               572                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        6024996                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           4361616                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1663380                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1799                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                        84872299                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34091150                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                      99879024                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    6683057                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4971406                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     50607718                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   7420                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 186                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1367                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                 11344322                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2062                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples          84704138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.743683                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.052079                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                60315108     71.21%     71.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 1715042      2.02%     73.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1852747      2.19%     75.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1988163      2.35%     77.77% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1435322      1.69%     79.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1617364      1.91%     81.37% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1297309      1.53%     82.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                 1164510      1.37%     84.28% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                13318573     15.72%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total            84704138                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.078742                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       1.176815                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                24299420                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             37872007                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 18823294                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              3705707                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  3710                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             147681234                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  3710                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                26456777                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               11005376                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles           970                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 20222121                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             27015184                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             147671458                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                  134                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               5516512                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents              19261084                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents                981063                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          163362725                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            347864366                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       163520983                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104290337                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps            163266483                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   96190                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                20                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            18                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 27153662                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            29014247                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8016131                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6827141                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1583596                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147655513                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                472                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                149016705                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              122                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          74883                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        84695                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           420                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     84704138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.759261                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.847969                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           29286162     34.57%     34.57% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15707838     18.54%     53.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15395728     18.18%     71.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9524240     11.24%     82.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6404489      7.56%     90.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4270323      5.04%     95.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2508688      2.96%     98.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             930368      1.10%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             676302      0.80%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       84704138                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  48307      5.70%      5.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.70% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               112005     13.22%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     18.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                602056     71.05%     89.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 8112      0.96%     90.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            76892      9.07%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               7      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              903      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76916807     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  75      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33692323     22.61%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20562212     13.80%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5371169      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9830666      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2642522      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total             149016705                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.755776                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     847379                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005686                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         259954556                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87391740                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87298417                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123630492                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60339992                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60328557                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              87943945                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61919236                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7212312                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12649                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           96                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          887                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6411                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1381929                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           49                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3710                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                2638841                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles              5469359                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147655985                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2284                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29014247                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8016131                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               173                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                104047                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              5270194                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           887                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           768                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2647                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                3415                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149012046                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30392105                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4658                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    38405199                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6676410                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   8013094                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.755721                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                     147627792                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                    147626974                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                112248145                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                183899166                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.739401                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610379                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          75042                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             2861                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     84691877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.742564                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.719165                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     47952557     56.62%     56.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10410439     12.29%     68.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4594765      5.43%     74.34% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4774767      5.64%     79.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3888940      4.59%     84.57% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1355867      1.60%     86.17% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       838031      0.99%     87.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       718587      0.85%     88.01% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10157924     11.99%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     84691877                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts            99814826                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps             147581052                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      37011314                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                     29001594                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   6673290                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  60323976                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 98346432                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              608574                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76879530     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33689776     22.83%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20554418     13.93%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5367421      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8447176      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2642299      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total        147581052                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events             10157924                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   222190047                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  295324612                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            673                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         168161                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                   99814826                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                    147581052                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              0.850298                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        0.850298                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              1.176059                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        1.176059                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               166215511                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               75251389                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                104282164                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                56117562                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 26398809                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                31946185                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               54996762                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           433049                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.579407                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           28988972                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           433561                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.862499                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        304882812                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   510.579407                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.997225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997225                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           26                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          204                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          282                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60048443                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60048443                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     20926868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20926868                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      7755382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7755382                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     28682250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        28682250                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     28682250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       28682250                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       870845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       870845                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       254346                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254346                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1125191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1125191                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1125191                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1125191                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  16459418439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16459418439                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5694295005                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5694295005                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22153713444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22153713444                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22153713444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22153713444                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     21797713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21797713                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8009728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8009728                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     29807441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29807441                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     29807441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29807441                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.039951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039951                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031755                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037749                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.037749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037749                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 18900.514373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18900.514373                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 22387.987250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22387.987250                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19688.846999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19688.846999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19688.846999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19688.846999                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1582                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   131.833333                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       395144                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           395144                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       467139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       467139                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          132                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       467271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       467271                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       467271                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       467271                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       403706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       403706                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       254214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       254214                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       657920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       657920                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       657920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       657920                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7929712017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7929712017                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5353667973                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5353667973                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13283379990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13283379990                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13283379990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13283379990                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018521                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.031738                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031738                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022072                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.022072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022072                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 19642.294187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19642.294187                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21059.689761                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 21059.689761                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20189.962290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20189.962290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 20189.962290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20189.962290                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              671                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          492.066338                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           11342817                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1173                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          9669.920716                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   492.066338                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.961067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961067                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22689821                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        22689821                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     11342822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11342822                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     11342822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        11342822                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     11342822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       11342822                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1500                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1500                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1500                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    146159361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146159361                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    146159361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146159361                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    146159361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146159361                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     11344322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11344322                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     11344322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     11344322                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     11344322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     11344322                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97439.574000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97439.574000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97439.574000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97439.574000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97439.574000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97439.574000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          645                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                9                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    71.666667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          671                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              671                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    116827056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116827056                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    116827056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116827056                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    116827056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116827056                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99258.331351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99258.331351                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99258.331351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99258.331351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99258.331351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99258.331351                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2.tags.replacements               279318                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4022.229153                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l2.tags.total_refs                 809501                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283414                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.856249                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1842681474                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.216707                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    46.856218                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  3973.156228                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.011440                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.970009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.981990                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          761                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9026742                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l2.tags.data_accesses             9026742                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       395144                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       395144                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          668                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          668                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data       224248                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224248                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data         7229                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             7229                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           95                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            95                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data       144227                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144227                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              95                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data          151456                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::total              151551                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             95                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data         151456                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::total             151551                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.conversionMisses                809501                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.l2.NumberOfConversion        69077420.725334                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data        22777                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22777                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       259439                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259439                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          1078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data        282216                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::total            283294                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data       282216                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::total           283294                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2638483875                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2638483875                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    114424461                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    114424461                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5465763099                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5465763099                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    114424461                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8104246974                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8218671435                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    114424461                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   8104246974                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8218671435                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       395144                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       395144                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          668                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          668                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data       224248                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224248                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        30006                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        30006                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1173                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1173                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       403666                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       403666                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst         1173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       433672                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::total          434845                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         1173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       433672                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::total         434845                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.759082                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.759082                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.919011                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.919011                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.642707                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642707                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.919011                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.650759                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.651483                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.919011                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.650759                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.651483                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 115839.832946                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 115839.832946                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106145.140074                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106145.140074                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 21067.623214                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21067.623214                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106145.140074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28716.468854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 29011.103077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 106145.140074                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 28716.468854                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 29011.103077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.writebacks::writebacks          277984                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2.writebacks::total               277984                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22777                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       259439                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259439                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       282216                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283294                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       282216                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283294                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2547466983                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2547466983                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    110116773                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110116773                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4429044855                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4429044855                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    110116773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6976511838                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7086628611                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    110116773                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   6976511838                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7086628611                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.759082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.759082                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.919011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.919011                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.642707                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642707                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.919011                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.650759                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651483                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.919011                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.650759                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651483                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 111843.832946                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 111843.832946                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102149.140074                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102149.140074                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 17071.623214                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17071.623214                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102149.140074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24720.468854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25015.103077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 102149.140074                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24720.468854                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25015.103077                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1092928                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       658075                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          626                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          625                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       404843                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       673128                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          671                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39350                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224248                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224248                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        30006                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        30006                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       403666                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side         3021                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side      1749000                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1752021                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side       118016                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side     53044224                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53162240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoops                     279322                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17791232                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       938415                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000685                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026208                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            937773     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               641      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        938415                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     627557814                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1176155                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    507912912                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                6698136                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          6698136                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect             2704                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             6039059                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 610628                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect               583                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups        6039059                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits           4371617                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses         1667442                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1811                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                        84872299                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34163499                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                     100064412                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    6698136                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           4982245                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     50528375                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                   7458                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 196                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1374                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                 11368506                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2021                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples          84697180                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.747126                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.048684                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                60267588     71.16%     71.16% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                 1623641      1.92%     73.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                 1855705      2.19%     75.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1901105      2.24%     77.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1615659      1.91%     79.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                 1711641      2.02%     81.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1306353      1.54%     82.98% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                 1244543      1.47%     84.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                13170945     15.55%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total            84697180                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.078920                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       1.179000                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                24281579                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             37806735                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 18989587                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles              3615550                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                  3729                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts             147960387                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                  3729                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                26376288                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               12676291                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles           784                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 20330228                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles             25309860                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts             147950615                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                  194                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents               5676889                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents              17678711                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.SQFullEvents                685244                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands          163646798                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            348543007                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       163704117                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104643867                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps            163550553                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                   96113                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                19                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts            17                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                 26008699                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            29048839                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            8025015                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6837219                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1579552                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147934758                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                462                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                149296218                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              121                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          75047                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        84756                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           410                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     84697180                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.762706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.847852                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           29184657     34.46%     34.46% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15717644     18.56%     53.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15419727     18.21%     71.22% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9547671     11.27%     82.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6444728      7.61%     90.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4263631      5.03%     95.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2510974      2.96%     98.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             931988      1.10%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             676160      0.80%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       84697180                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  48587      5.74%      5.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.74% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               112114     13.23%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     18.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                601408     70.99%     89.96% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 8143      0.96%     90.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            76898      9.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               6      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              907      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             77059631     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33785144     22.63%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20578943     13.78%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5375814      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9848900      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2646777      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total             149296218                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          1.759069                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     847156                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005674                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         260164064                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87500634                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87407005                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123972822                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60510492                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60499062                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              88051711                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses               62090756                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7208012                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12667                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           93                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          886                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6399                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382239                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           49                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3729                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                2740247                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles              6999407                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147935220                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2266                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29048839                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8025015                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               169                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                104606                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              6793748                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           886                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           773                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2651                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                3424                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149291526                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30427057                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4685                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    38449067                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 6691467                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   8022010                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    1.759014                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                     147906928                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                    147906067                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                112444447                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                184310996                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      1.742690                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610080                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts          75274                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts             2882                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     84684819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.746004                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.720813                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     47877716     56.54%     56.54% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10429929     12.32%     68.85% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4601650      5.43%     74.29% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4787946      5.65%     79.94% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3887860      4.59%     84.53% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1360929      1.61%     86.14% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       841270      0.99%     87.13% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       720865      0.85%     87.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10176654     12.02%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     84684819                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts           100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps             147860059                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      37054773                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                     29036158                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   6688311                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                  60494441                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 98477176                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              609425                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        77022312     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33782542     22.85%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20571030     13.91%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5372066      3.63%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8465128      5.73%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2646549      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total        147860059                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events             10176654                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   222443498                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  295883247                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            673                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                         175119                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.committedInsts                  100000000                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                    147860059                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              0.848723                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        0.848723                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              1.178241                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        1.178241                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               166399439                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               75340283                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                104635529                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                56277586                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_reads                 26458730                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_writes                31981363                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads               55079349                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           433458                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.610947                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           29036334                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           433970                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.908620                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        281529855                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   510.610947                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.997287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997287                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          205                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          280                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60144522                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60144522                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     20965250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20965250                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      7763664                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7763664                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     28728914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        28728914                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     28728914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       28728914                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       871412                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       871412                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       254950                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254950                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1126362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       1126362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1126362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      1126362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  16484366799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16484366799                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5536940516                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5536940516                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  22021307315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22021307315                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  22021307315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22021307315                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     21836662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21836662                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      8018614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8018614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     29855276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29855276                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     29855276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29855276                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.039906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039906                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.031795                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031795                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.037727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037727                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.037727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037727                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 18916.846221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18916.846221                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21717.750602                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21717.750602                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19550.825858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19550.825858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19550.825858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19550.825858                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1431                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               14                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   102.214286                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       395649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           395649                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       467275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       467275                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          198                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       467473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       467473                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       467473                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       467473                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       404137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404137                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       254752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       254752                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       658889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       658889                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       658889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       658889                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7940851200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7940851200                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5194080053                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5194080053                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  13134931253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13134931253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  13134931253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13134931253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018507                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.031770                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031770                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022069                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022069                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19648.909157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19648.909157                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 20388.770463                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20388.770463                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19934.968186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19934.968186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 19934.968186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19934.968186                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              669                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          493.499496                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           11367013                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1173                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          9690.548167                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   493.499496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.963866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963866                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22738189                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        22738189                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     11367017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11367017                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     11367017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        11367017                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     11367017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       11367017                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1489                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         1489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1489                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1489                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1489                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    150995520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    150995520                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    150995520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    150995520                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    150995520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    150995520                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11368506                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     11368506                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     11368506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     11368506                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101407.333781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101407.333781                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101407.333781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 101407.333781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101407.333781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 101407.333781                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1216                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   243.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          669                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              669                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1177                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120944601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120944601                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120944601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120944601                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    120944601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120944601                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102756.670348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102756.670348                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102756.670348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102756.670348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 102756.670348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102756.670348                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2.tags.replacements               279769                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4023.141371                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l2.tags.total_refs                 810461                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283865                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.855093                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1804680513                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.343271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    46.393514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  3975.404587                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000328                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.011327                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.970558                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.982212                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          763                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3227                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9038481                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l2.tags.data_accesses             9038481                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       395649                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       395649                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          667                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          667                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data       224777                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224777                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data         7288                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             7288                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           97                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            97                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data       144154                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144154                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              97                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data          151442                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::total              151539                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             97                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data         151442                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::total             151539                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.conversionMisses                810461                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.l2.NumberOfConversion        69159340.727776                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          1076                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data        282671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::total            283747                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data       282671                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::total           283747                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2468942253                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2468942253                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118551663                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    118551663                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5475995190                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5475995190                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118551663                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7944937443                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8063489106                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    118551663                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7944937443                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8063489106                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       395649                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       395649                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          667                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          667                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data       224777                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224777                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        30062                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        30062                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         1173                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1173                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       404051                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404051                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst         1173                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data       434113                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::total          435286                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         1173                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data       434113                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::total         435286                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.757568                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.757568                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.917306                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.643228                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.643228                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651146                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.651863                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651146                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.651863                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 108410.567006                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108410.567006                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 110178.125465                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110178.125465                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 21069.866870                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21069.866870                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 110178.125465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28106.659130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28417.883206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 110178.125465                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 28106.659130                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28417.883206                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2.writebacks::total               278434                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1076                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       282671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283747                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       282671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283747                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2377937349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2377937349                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114251967                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114251967                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4437446778                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4437446778                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114251967                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6815384127                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6929636094                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    114251967                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6815384127                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6929636094                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.757568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.757568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.643228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.643228                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651146                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651863                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.917306                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.651146                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.651863                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 104414.567006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104414.567006                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 106182.125465                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106182.125465                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 17073.866870                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17073.866870                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 106182.125465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24110.659130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24421.883206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 106182.125465                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24110.659130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24421.883206                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1094337                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       659043                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           14                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          626                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          625                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405228                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       674083                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          669                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39287                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224777                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224777                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        30062                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        30062                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1177                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404051                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side         3019                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side      1751381                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1754400                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side       117888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side     53104768                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53222656                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoops                     279773                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17820032                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       939836                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000682                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026148                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            939196     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               639      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        939836                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     628362009                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1176155                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    508529960                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                6685215                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          6685215                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect             2733                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             6026996                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 609901                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect               590                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups        6026996                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits           4362926                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses         1664070                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1822                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                        84872299                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34100839                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      99903705                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    6685215                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           4972827                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     50597598                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                   7478                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 175                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1348                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                 11347551                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2059                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples          84703706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.744132                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.052470                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                60313782     71.21%     71.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                 1710627      2.02%     73.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                 1857590      2.19%     75.42% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 1976994      2.33%     77.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                 1440024      1.70%     79.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                 1619251      1.91%     81.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 1305280      1.54%     82.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                 1151649      1.36%     84.26% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                13328509     15.74%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total            84703706                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.078768                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       1.177106                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                24294152                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             37875633                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 18785603                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              3744579                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                  3739                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             147718592                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                  3739                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                26444398                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles               11165728                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles          1171                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 20209049                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles             26879621                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             147708855                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                  156                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents               5577964                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents              19222636                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents                781899                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          163401058                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            347955157                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       163546172                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104336273                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            163303804                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                   97144                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                19                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts            17                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 27256807                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads            29018880                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            8017286                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6822151                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores         1574765                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147692911                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                484                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                149053939                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              144                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          75608                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        86153                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           432                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     84703706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.759710                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.847814                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           29271036     34.56%     34.56% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15717283     18.56%     53.11% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15403482     18.19%     71.30% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9492505     11.21%     82.50% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6431135      7.59%     90.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4276962      5.05%     95.15% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2504946      2.96%     98.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             937705      1.11%     99.21% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             668652      0.79%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       84703706                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  49463      5.83%      5.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               113184     13.34%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     19.17% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                600857     70.80%     89.97% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 8076      0.95%     90.92% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            77078      9.08%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               7      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              922      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76935972     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33704513     22.61%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20564573     13.80%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5371717      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9833061      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2643079      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             149053939                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.756214                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     848665                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005694                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         259982678                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87407735                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87313112                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123677715                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60362129                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60350841                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              87957585                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61944097                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7207875                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12706                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           92                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          884                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6399                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1381989                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           51                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3739                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                2746307                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles              5493780                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147693395                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2251                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29018880                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8017286                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               176                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                106146                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              5288671                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           884                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           785                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2688                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                3473                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149049093                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30396828                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4846                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    38411011                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 6678440                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   8014183                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.756157                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     147664773                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    147663953                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                112310168                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                183998047                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.739837                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610388                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts          75774                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts             2891                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     84691303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.743009                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.719553                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     47948068     56.62%     56.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10409024     12.29%     68.91% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4595818      5.43%     74.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4779930      5.64%     79.98% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3876883      4.58%     84.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1362748      1.61%     86.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       838881      0.99%     87.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       716919      0.85%     88.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10163032     12.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     84691303                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            99839142                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             147617697                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                      37017027                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                     29006142                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   6675268                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                  60346327                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 98363626                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              608685                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76898286     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33701952     22.83%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.92% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20556619     13.93%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5368033      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8449523      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2642852      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total        147617697                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events             10163032                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   222221742                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  295399545                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                            673                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                         168593                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   99839142                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    147617697                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              0.850090                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        0.850090                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              1.176345                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        1.176345                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               166239902                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               75263489                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                104328296                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                56138489                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                 26406710                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes                31950791                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads               55007777                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           433925                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.577026                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           28998025                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           434437                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.748516                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        304945749                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   510.577026                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.997221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997221                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           25                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          284                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60069821                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60069821                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data     20935228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20935228                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      7756462                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7756462                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data     28691690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        28691690                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data     28691690                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       28691690                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       871578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       871578                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       254424                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254424                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1126002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       1126002                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1126002                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      1126002                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  16472502009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16472502009                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5568164261                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5568164261                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  22040666270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22040666270                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  22040666270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22040666270                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data     21806806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21806806                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      8010886                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8010886                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data     29817692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29817692                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data     29817692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29817692                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.039968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039968                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031760                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031760                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.037763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037763                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.037763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037763                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 18899.630336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18899.630336                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21885.373475                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21885.373475                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19574.269202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19574.269202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19574.269202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19574.269202                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1224                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    94.153846                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       395723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           395723                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       467016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       467016                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          307                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       467323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       467323                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       467323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       467323                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       404562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404562                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       254117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       254117                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       658679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       658679                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       658679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       658679                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7944828885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7944828885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5223548222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5223548222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13168377107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13168377107                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  13168377107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13168377107                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018552                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.031721                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031721                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022090                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022090                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19638.099686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19638.099686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 20555.681918                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20555.681918                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19992.101019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19992.101019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 19992.101019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19992.101019                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              658                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          493.473270                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           11346063                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          9764.253873                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   493.473270                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.963815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.963815                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22696268                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        22696268                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     11346063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11346063                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     11346063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        11346063                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     11346063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       11346063                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1488                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst         1488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          1488                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         1488                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    144220635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144220635                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    144220635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144220635                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    144220635                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144220635                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     11347551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11347551                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     11347551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     11347551                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     11347551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     11347551                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000131                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 96922.469758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 96922.469758                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 96922.469758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 96922.469758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 96922.469758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 96922.469758                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          315                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           45                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks          658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total              658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          322                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    115665885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    115665885                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    115665885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    115665885                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    115665885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    115665885                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000103                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 99198.872213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99198.872213                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 99198.872213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99198.872213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 99198.872213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 99198.872213                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2.tags.replacements               279458                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4022.186901                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l2.tags.total_refs                 811022                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283554                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.860203                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1834229601                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     1.349237                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    46.636734                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  3974.200931                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000329                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.011386                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.970264                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.981979                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           83                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          762                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3230                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9040186                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l2.tags.data_accesses             9040186                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       395723                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       395723                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          655                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          655                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data       224077                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224077                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data         7418                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             7418                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst           87                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            87                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data       144822                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144822                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              87                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data          152240                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::total              152327                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             87                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data         152240                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::total             152327                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.conversionMisses                811022                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.l2.NumberOfConversion        69207212.729202                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data        22779                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22779                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1075                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1075                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data       259583                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259583                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          1075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data        282362                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::total            283437                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data       282362                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::total           283437                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2509063092                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2509063092                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    113313573                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    113313573                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5469164694                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5469164694                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    113313573                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7978227786                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8091541359                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    113313573                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7978227786                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8091541359                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       395723                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       395723                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          655                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          655                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data       224077                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224077                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        30197                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        30197                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         1162                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1162                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       404405                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404405                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst         1162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data       434602                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::total          435764                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         1162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       434602                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::total         435764                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.754346                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.754346                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925129                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.925129                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.641889                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.641889                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925129                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649702                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.650437                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925129                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649702                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.650437                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 110148.079020                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110148.079020                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 105407.974884                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 105407.974884                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 21069.040322                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21069.040322                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 105407.974884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28255.316884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28547.936081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 105407.974884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 28255.316884                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28547.936081                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l2.writebacks::total               278126                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22779                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22779                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1075                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1075                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       259583                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259583                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       282362                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283437                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       282362                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283437                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2418038208                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2418038208                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    109017873                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    109017873                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4431879018                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4431879018                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    109017873                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6849917226                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   6958935099                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    109017873                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6849917226                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   6958935099                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.754346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754346                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.925129                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.641889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.641889                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925129                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649702                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650437                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.925129                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.649702                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650437                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 106152.079020                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106152.079020                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 101411.974884                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101411.974884                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 17073.071110                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17073.071110                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 101411.974884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24259.345188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24551.964278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 101411.974884                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 24259.345188                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24551.964278                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1094591                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       658819                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           16                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          628                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          627                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405569                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       673849                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          658                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39698                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224077                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224077                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        30197                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        30197                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1166                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404405                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side         2986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side      1751444                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1754430                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side       116480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side     53140672                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53257152                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoops                     279463                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17800320                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       939304                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000687                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026236                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            938660     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               643      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        939304                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     628488549                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1165498                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    508783041                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                6686445                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted          6686445                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect             2683                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups             6028172                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                 609985                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect               581                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups        6028172                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits           4363882                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses         1664290                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1787                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                        84872299                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34108050                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                      99920053                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                    6686445                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches           4973867                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                     50591746                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                   7334                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 151                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1128                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                 11349707                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2042                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples          84704749                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.744398                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            3.052528                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                60307377     71.20%     71.20% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                 1713356      2.02%     73.22% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                 1856235      2.19%     75.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                 1984246      2.34%     77.75% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                 1436218      1.70%     79.45% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                 1620701      1.91%     81.36% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                 1300870      1.54%     82.90% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                 1159307      1.37%     84.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                13326439     15.73%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total            84704749                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.078782                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       1.177299                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                24294264                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles             37870913                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                 18816782                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles              3719123                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                  3667                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts             147743122                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                  3667                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                26454242                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles               11133939                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles          1082                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                 20223579                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles             26888240                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts             147733686                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.ROBFullEvents                  177                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents               5535485                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LQFullEvents              19198769                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu3.rename.SQFullEvents                886696                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands          163426246                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups            348015934                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups       163561541                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104369407                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps            163331089                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                   94998                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                20                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts            18                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                 27207076                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads            29022039                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores            8018018                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6829647                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores         1572957                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147717960                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                478                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                149079726                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              118                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          73827                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        83128                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           426                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples     84704749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.759993                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.847948                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           29256419     34.54%     34.54% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15725131     18.56%     53.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15404718     18.19%     71.29% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9519046     11.24%     82.53% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6408095      7.57%     90.09% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4275846      5.05%     95.14% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2509469      2.96%     98.10% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             928603      1.10%     99.20% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             677422      0.80%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total       84704749                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  48392      5.71%      5.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.71% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd               111803     13.20%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     18.91% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                602546     71.13%     90.04% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                 8190      0.97%     91.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            76199      8.99%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               7      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              876      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             76948948     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33713321     22.61%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20566138     13.80%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5372139      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9834731      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2643471      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total             149079726                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          1.756518                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     847137                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005682                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         260005001                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87415409                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87322915                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123706455                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60377719                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60366953                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses              87969236                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses               61956751                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7212608                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12524                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           85                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          888                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6265                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382000                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           82                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3667                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                2698197                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles              5510561                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147718438                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2187                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29022039                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8018018                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               175                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                104327                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents              5310180                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           888                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           778                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2589                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                3367                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149075058                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30400121                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4668                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                    38415144                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                 6679840                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                   8015023                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    1.756463                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                     147690678                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                    147689868                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                112295829                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                183992642                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      1.740142                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.610328                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts          74013                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts             2818                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples     84692624                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.743298                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.719519                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     47938335     56.60%     56.60% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10414649     12.30%     68.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4596221      5.43%     74.33% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4776270      5.64%     79.97% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3890559      4.59%     84.56% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1356205      1.60%     86.16% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       839322      0.99%     87.15% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       719137      0.85%     88.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10161926     12.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total     84692624                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts            99856930                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps             147644461                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                      37021229                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                     29009494                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                   6676699                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                  60362646                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                 98376207                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls              608766                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        76911959     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33710841     22.83%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20558243     13.92%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5368475      3.64%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8451251      5.72%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2643260      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total        147644461                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events             10161926                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                   222249172                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                  295449331                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                            661                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                         167550                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   99856930                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                    147644461                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              0.849939                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        0.849939                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              1.176555                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        1.176555                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads               166257343                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes               75271521                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_reads                104361766                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                56153604                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_reads                 26412639                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_writes                31954187                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads               55015422                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           433803                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          510.597359                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           28997368                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           434315                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            66.765753                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        303136893                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   510.597359                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.997260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.997260                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           27                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          203                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          282                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60068467                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60068467                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data     20933545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20933545                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data      7757014                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7757014                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data     28690559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        28690559                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data     28690559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       28690559                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       871788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       871788                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data       254729                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       254729                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data      1126517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       1126517                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data      1126517                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      1126517                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  16472441070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  16472441070                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   5668975016                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   5668975016                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data  22141416086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  22141416086                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data  22141416086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  22141416086                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data     21805333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21805333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data      8011743                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8011743                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data     29817076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29817076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data     29817076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29817076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.039980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.039980                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.031794                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031794                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.037781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.037781                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.037781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.037781                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 18895.007812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18895.007812                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 22254.925886                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 22254.925886                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19654.755397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19654.755397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19654.755397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19654.755397                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1735                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               18                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    96.388889                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       395910                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           395910                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       467426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       467426                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          205                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       467631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       467631                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       467631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       467631                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       404362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       404362                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       254524                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       254524                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       658886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       658886                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       658886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       658886                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   7935981075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7935981075                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   5326543790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5326543790                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  13262524865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  13262524865                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  13262524865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  13262524865                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.018544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018544                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.031769                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.031769                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022098                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022098                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 19625.931900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 19625.931900                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20927.471633                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20927.471633                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20128.709466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20128.709466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 20128.709466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 20128.709466                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              674                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          492.074895                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           11348203                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1176                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          9649.832483                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   492.074895                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.961084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961084                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22700594                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        22700594                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst     11348209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11348209                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst     11348209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        11348209                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst     11348209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       11348209                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1498                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst         1498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1498                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         1498                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1498                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    146150370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    146150370                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    146150370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    146150370                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    146150370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    146150370                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     11349707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11349707                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst     11349707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     11349707                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst     11349707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     11349707                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 97563.664887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97563.664887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 97563.664887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97563.664887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 97563.664887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97563.664887                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          465                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                7                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    66.428571                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              674                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1180                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1180                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    118112436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118112436                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    118112436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118112436                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    118112436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118112436                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 100095.284746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100095.284746                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 100095.284746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100095.284746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 100095.284746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100095.284746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2.tags.replacements               279508                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4022.889006                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l2.tags.total_refs                 811088                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.sampled_refs               283604                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.avg_refs                 2.859931                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.warmup_cycle           1831506327                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     2.234514                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    46.824199                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  3973.830294                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.000546                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.011432                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.970173                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.982151                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           85                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          761                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3229                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9041148                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l2.tags.data_accesses             9041148                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       395910                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       395910                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          671                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          671                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data       224408                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          224408                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data         7428                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             7428                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           99                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            99                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data       144643                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total       144643                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst              99                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data          152071                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::total              152170                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst             99                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data         152071                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::total             152170                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.conversionMisses                811088                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.l2.NumberOfConversion        69212844.729370                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data       259633                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       259633                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          1077                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data        282407                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::total            283484                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         1077                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data       282407                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::total           283484                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2600827236                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   2600827236                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    115705512                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    115705512                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   5471035821                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   5471035821                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    115705512                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   8071863057                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::total   8187568569                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    115705512                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   8071863057                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::total   8187568569                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       395910                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       395910                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          671                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          671                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data       224408                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       224408                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data        30202                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        30202                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         1176                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1176                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       404276                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       404276                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst         1176                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data       434478                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::total          435654                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst         1176                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data       434478                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::total         435654                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.754056                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.754056                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915816                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.915816                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.642217                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.642217                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915816                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.649991                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.650709                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915816                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.649991                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.650709                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 114201.599895                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 114201.599895                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 107433.158774                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107433.158774                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 21072.189672                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 21072.189672                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 107433.158774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 28582.375993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 28881.942434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 107433.158774                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 28582.375993                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 28881.942434                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.writebacks::writebacks          278176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l2.writebacks::total               278176                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1077                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       259633                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       259633                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1077                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       282407                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       283484                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1077                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       282407                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       283484                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2509822332                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2509822332                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111401820                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111401820                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4433542353                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   4433542353                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111401820                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6943364685                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   7054766505                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    111401820                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6943364685                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   7054766505                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.754056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.754056                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.915816                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.642217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.642217                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915816                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.649991                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650709                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915816                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.649991                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.650709                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 110205.599895                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110205.599895                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103437.158774                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103437.158774                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 17076.189672                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17076.189672                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103437.158774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 24586.375993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24885.942434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 103437.158774                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 24586.375993                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24885.942434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1094706                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       659044                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           17                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          626                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          625                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       405456                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       674086                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          674                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        39388                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       224408                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       224407                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        30202                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        30202                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1180                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       404276                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side         3030                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side      1751737                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1754767                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side       118400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side     53144832                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          53263232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoops                     279512                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             17803520                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples       939574                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.000685                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.026212                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0            938931     99.93%     99.93% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1               642      0.07%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total        939574                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     628662042                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          2.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1179152                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    508771053                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.replacements                         1                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 85120.697463                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                     2153390                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                     96136                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                     22.399413                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                         0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst      1008.114246                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     20260.545983                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst      1004.641536                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     20296.621488                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst      1003.851247                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     20270.953546                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst      1005.994351                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     20269.975067                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.007691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.154576                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.007665                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.154851                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.007659                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.154655                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.007675                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.154648                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.649419                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         96135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        96135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.733452                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                  36088552                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                 36088552                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1112720                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1112720                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data                 5                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data                 3                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                    18                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        259248                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data        259702                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data        259393                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.inst             5                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data        259445                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total           1037808                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu0.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu0.data               259253                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu1.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu1.data               259707                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu2.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu2.data               259398                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu3.inst                    5                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu3.data               259448                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                  1037826                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu0.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu0.data              259253                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu1.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu1.data              259707                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu2.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu2.data              259398                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu3.inst                   5                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu3.data              259448                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                 1037826                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.conversionMisses                          0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.l3.ConversionWrtBack                         0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.l3.NumberOfConversion                        0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           22772                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           22769                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data           22774                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           22771                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total               91086                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1073                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data          191                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1071                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data          195                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1070                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data          190                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1072                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data          188                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total            5050                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               1073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu0.data              22963                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               1071                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu1.data              22964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               1070                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu2.data              22964                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               1072                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu3.data              22959                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                  96136                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              1073                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu0.data             22963                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              1071                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu1.data             22964                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              1070                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu2.data             22964                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              1072                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu3.data             22959                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total                 96136                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2441068821                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2271544515                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2311569117                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2403441819                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    9427624272                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    105024870                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data     21488823                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109169721                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data     22225752                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    103940622                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data     21524454                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    106316244                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data     22460517                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total    512151003                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    105024870                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2462557644                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109169721                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2293770267                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    103940622                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2333093571                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    106316244                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2425902336                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total       9939775275                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    105024870                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2462557644                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    109169721                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2293770267                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    103940622                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2333093571                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    106316244                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2425902336                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total      9939775275                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1112720                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1112720                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         22777                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         22774                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data         22779                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data         22774                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total             91104                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       259439                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         1076                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       259897                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         1075                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       259583                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         1077                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       259633                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1042858                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           282216                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             1076                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           282671                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             1075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu2.data           282362                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             1077                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu3.data           282407                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total              1133962                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          282216                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            1076                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          282671                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            1075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu2.data          282362                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            1077                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu3.data          282407                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total             1133962                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.999780                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999868                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999802                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995362                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000736                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000750                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995349                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000732                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995357                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000724                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.004842                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst        0.995362                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.081367                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst        0.995353                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.081239                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst        0.995349                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.081328                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst        0.995357                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.081298                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.084779                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst       0.995362                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.081367                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst       0.995353                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.081239                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst       0.995349                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.081328                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst       0.995357                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.081298                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.084779                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107196.066266                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99764.790505                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101500.356415                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 105548.364982                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 103502.451222                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97879.655172                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 112506.926702                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101932.512605                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 113978.215385                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97140.768224                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 113286.600000                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99175.600746                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 119470.835106                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 101416.040198                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97879.655172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107240.240561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101932.512605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99885.484541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97140.768224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101597.873672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99175.600746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 105662.369267                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 103392.852573                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 97879.655172                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107240.240561                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101932.512605                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99885.484541                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97140.768224                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101597.873672                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99175.600746                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 105662.369267                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 103392.852573                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22772                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22769                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22774                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22771                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          91086                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1073                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data          191                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1071                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data          195                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1070                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data          190                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1072                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data          188                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total         5050                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          1073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data         22963                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          1071                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data         22964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          1070                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data         22964                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          1072                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data         22959                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total             96136                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        22963                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1071                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        22964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1070                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        22964                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1072                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        22959                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total            96136                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2164332429                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   1994814369                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2034758483                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2126707345                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   8320612626                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     91983615                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data     19167783                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96152184                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data     19856582                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     90936902                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data     19215891                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     93289665                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data     20177098                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    450779720                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     91983615                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2183500212                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96152184                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2014670951                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     90936902                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2053974374                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     93289665                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2146884443                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8771392346                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     91983615                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   2183500212                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     96152184                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   2014670951                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     90936902                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   2053974374                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     93289665                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   2146884443                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8771392346                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.999780                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.999868                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999802                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.000736                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.000750                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995349                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.000732                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.000724                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.004842                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995362                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081367                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081239                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995349                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.081328                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.081298                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.084779                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.995362                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.081367                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.995353                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.081239                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.995349                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.081328                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.995357                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.081298                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.084779                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95043.581108                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87610.978480                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89345.678537                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 93395.430372                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91348.973783                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85725.643057                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 100354.884817                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89777.949580                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 101828.625641                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 84987.758879                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 101136.268421                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87023.941231                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 107324.989362                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89263.310891                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85725.643057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95087.759091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89777.949580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87731.708370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 84987.758879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89443.231754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87023.941231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 93509.492704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91239.414434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 85725.643057                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95087.759091                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 89777.949580                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87731.708370                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 84987.758879                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 89443.231754                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 87023.941231                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 93509.492704                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 91239.414434                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests         96136                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               5050                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             91086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            91086                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          5050                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port        96186                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port        96086                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total       192272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 192272                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      3077952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      3074752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total      6152704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                 6152704                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             96136                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   96136    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               96136                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy            72441984                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer9.occupancy            72307762                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer9.utilization               0.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy          521795791                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      2249526                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1115564                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              1                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  28262475234                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1042856                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      1112720                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            2845                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            91104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           91104                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1042858                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       845284                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       846641                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       845707                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side       845854                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count::total               3383486                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35921792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35979584                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35939904                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     35946240                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size::total              143787520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                               1                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                         0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples          1133963                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000001                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.000939                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                1133962    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total            1133963                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1119627918                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy         188767428                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer1.occupancy         189051198                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer2.occupancy         188852370                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer3.occupancy         188897288                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
