
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.039485                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 39485001141                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                39485001141                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                                 155781                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                                   230203                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                               15850938                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                8680204                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                  2491.02                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                   388054230                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     573439361                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         34304                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu0.data       6063168                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         34880                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu1.data       6252096                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         34560                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu2.data       6593984                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         34624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::cpu3.data       6790016                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_read::total          25837632                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        34304                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        34880                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        34560                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        34624                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_inst_read::total       138368                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::writebacks     19105600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bytes_written::total       19105600                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu0.inst            536                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu0.data          94737                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu1.inst            545                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu1.data          97689                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu2.inst            540                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu2.data         103031                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu3.inst            541                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::cpu3.data         106094                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_reads::total             403713                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::writebacks       298525                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.num_writes::total            298525                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu0.inst           868786                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu0.data        153556232                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu1.inst           883373                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu1.data        158341036                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu2.inst           875269                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu2.data        166999717                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu3.inst           876890                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::cpu3.data        171964437                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_read::total            654365740                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       868786                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst       883373                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst       875269                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst       876890                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_inst_read::total         3504318                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::writebacks      483869810                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_write::total           483869810                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::writebacks      483869810                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu0.inst          868786                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu0.data       153556232                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu1.inst          883373                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu1.data       158341036                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu2.inst          875269                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu2.data       166999717                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu3.inst          876890                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::cpu3.data       171964437                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.bw_total::total          1138235550                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                     403714                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                    298525                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                   403714                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                  298525                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM              22877568                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                2960128                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten               19104064                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys               25837696                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys            19105600                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                 46252                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0            17466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1            19234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2            19838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3            21390                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4            22279                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5            23114                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6            23670                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7            23680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::8            23940                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::9            23752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::10           23788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::11           23893                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::12           23920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::13           23977                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::14           23838                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::15           19683                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0            11477                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1            14600                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2            15780                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3            17920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4            18724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5            19917                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6            20444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7            20321                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::8            20243                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::9            20190                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::10           20393                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::11           20925                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::12           20824                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::13           20920                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::14           20953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::15           14870                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                  39484962180                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6               403714                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6              298525                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                 202693                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                 107801                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                  38036                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                   8609                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                    236                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                     68                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                     15                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      3                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                  5052                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                  5757                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                 10976                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                 15474                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                 17758                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                 18545                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                 18825                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                 18861                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                 18841                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                 18732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                 18598                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                 18661                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                 18732                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                 18889                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                 19058                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                 19070                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                 18011                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                 18110                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                   361                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                   125                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                    43                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     8                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::samples       523435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::mean    80.202875                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.315726                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::stdev    79.555701                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::0-127       464685     88.78%     88.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::128-255        47702      9.11%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3914      0.75%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1554      0.30%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1884      0.36%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::640-767          798      0.15%     99.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1174      0.22%     99.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          335      0.06%     99.73% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1389      0.27%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesPerActivate::total       523435                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17643                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::mean     20.260387                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    16.115292                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   409.227578                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        17641     99.99%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::53248-55295            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.rdPerTurnAround::total        17643                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17643                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.918948                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.865614                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.386407                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::16           11384     64.52%     64.52% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::17             698      3.96%     68.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::18            2619     14.84%     83.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::19            1886     10.69%     94.01% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::20             749      4.25%     98.26% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::21             233      1.32%     99.58% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::22              63      0.36%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::23               8      0.05%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::24               3      0.02%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.wrPerTurnAround::total        17643                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                 13607406706                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat            20309819206                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                1787310000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                    38066.72                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat               56816.72                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                      579.40                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                      483.83                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                   654.37                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                   483.87                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        8.31                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    4.53                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   3.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.71                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                     22.48                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                   70569                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                  61951                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                19.74                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate               20.75                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                     56227.24                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                   20.20                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy              1745994180                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy               928006530                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy             1218590940                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy             726535260                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy        2960106240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy          5573906880                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy            87374400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy    11024778120                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy      287728320                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy       515199180                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy           25068222450                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower           634.879616                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime         27031809080                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     30159322                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1252262000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2107540723                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    748756171                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11170770739                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  24175512186                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actEnergy              1991388840                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preEnergy              1058429295                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.readEnergy             1333687740                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.writeEnergy             831639960                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.refreshEnergy        2960106240.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actBackEnergy          5716056330                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.preBackEnergy            85897440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.actPowerDownEnergy    10892424690                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.prePowerDownEnergy      279243840                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.selfRefreshEnergy       516909135                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalEnergy           25665978900                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.averagePower           650.018440                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_1.totalIdleTime         26724367355                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     29171235                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1252268000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2111570693                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    726918292                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11478598020                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  23886474901                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu0.inst         34688                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu0.data       6027008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu1.inst         34176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu1.data       6237120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu2.inst         34112                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu2.data       6592704                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu3.inst         34176                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::cpu3.data       6811584                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_read::total          25805568                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu0.inst        34688                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu1.inst        34176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu2.inst        34112                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::cpu3.inst        34176                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_inst_read::total       137152                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::writebacks     19061120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bytes_written::total       19061120                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu0.inst            542                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu0.data          94172                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu1.inst            534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu1.data          97455                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu2.inst            533                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu2.data         103011                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu3.inst            534                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::cpu3.data         106431                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_reads::total             403212                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::writebacks       297830                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.num_writes::total            297830                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu0.inst           878511                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu0.data        152640441                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu1.inst           865544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu1.data        157961753                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu2.inst           863923                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu2.data        166967299                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu3.inst           865544                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::cpu3.data        172510670                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_read::total            653553685                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu0.inst       878511                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu1.inst       865544                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu2.inst       863923                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::cpu3.inst       865544                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_inst_read::total         3473521                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::writebacks      482743306                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_write::total           482743306                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::writebacks      482743306                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu0.inst          878511                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu0.data       152640441                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu1.inst          865544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu1.data       157961753                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu2.inst          863923                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu2.data       166967299                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu3.inst          865544                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::cpu3.data       172510670                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.bw_total::total          1136296991                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                     403213                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                    297830                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                   403213                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                  297830                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM              22998272                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                2807360                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten               19060032                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys               25805632                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys            19061120                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                 43865                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0            17282                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1            19233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2            19996                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3            21260                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4            22076                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5            23067                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6            23857                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7            23874                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::8            24083                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::9            23921                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::10           23966                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::11           24177                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::12           24348                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::13           24396                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::14           24257                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::15           19555                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0            11466                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1            14758                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2            15867                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3            17951                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4            18695                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5            19741                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6            20215                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7            20291                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::8            20413                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::9            20285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::10           20130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::11           20550                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::12           20926                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::13           21234                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::14           20843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::15           14448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                  39484959495                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6               403213                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6              297830                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                 203284                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                 108898                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                  38488                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                   8448                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                    175                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                     36                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                     10                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                  5010                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                  5689                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                 10797                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                 15338                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                 17558                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                 18462                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                 18888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                 18888                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                 18868                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                 18684                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                 18569                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                 18625                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                 18750                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                 18967                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                 19065                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                 19091                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                 17970                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                 18055                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                   341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                   126                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                    50                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                    19                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::samples       524504                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::mean    80.185837                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::gmean    71.291362                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::stdev    79.652593                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::0-127       465890     88.82%     88.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::128-255        47539      9.06%     97.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::256-383         3919      0.75%     98.64% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1554      0.30%     98.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::512-639         1856      0.35%     99.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::640-767          801      0.15%     99.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::768-895         1255      0.24%     99.68% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          311      0.06%     99.74% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         1379      0.26%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesPerActivate::total       524504                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::samples        17605                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::mean     20.411474                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    16.288762                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::stdev   409.570962                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::0-2047        17602     99.98%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::2048-4095            2      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::53248-55295            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.rdPerTurnAround::total        17605                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::samples        17605                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::mean     16.916387                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::gmean    16.863078                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::stdev     1.387428                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::16           11343     64.43%     64.43% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::17             719      4.08%     68.51% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::18            2692     15.29%     83.81% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::19            1811     10.29%     94.09% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::20             722      4.10%     98.19% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::21             226      1.28%     99.48% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::22              73      0.41%     99.89% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::23              13      0.07%     99.97% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::24               4      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::25               2      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.wrPerTurnAround::total        17605                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                 13591496206                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat            20329271206                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                1796740000                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                    37822.66                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                   5000.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat               56572.66                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                      582.46                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                      482.72                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                   653.56                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                   482.74                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     12800.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        8.32                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    4.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   3.77                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.71                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                     22.46                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                   70585                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                  62064                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                19.64                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate               20.84                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                     56323.16                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                   20.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy              1745929920                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy               927976170                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy             1218398160                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy             725496480                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy        2957647680.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy          5583412770                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy            87563520                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy    11016279420                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy      280529760                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy       517974705                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy           25061314185                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower           634.704657                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime         27013485382                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE     29239757                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF   1251216000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF   2123358400                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    730450145                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT  11191060002                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  24159676837                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actEnergy              1999085760                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preEnergy              1062516510                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.readEnergy             1347339420                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.writeEnergy             829087380                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.refreshEnergy        2963179440.000000                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actBackEnergy          5766269910                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.preBackEnergy            86583840                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.actPowerDownEnergy    10837767390                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.prePowerDownEnergy      298254240                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.selfRefreshEnergy       506849820                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalEnergy           25696933710                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.averagePower           650.802403                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_1.totalIdleTime         26614985637                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::IDLE     28775834                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::REF   1253568000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::SREF   2070456750                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN    776551660                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT  11587349628                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_1.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN  23768299269                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.branchPred.lookups                6697877                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.condPredicted          6697877                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu0.branchPred.condIncorrect             2727                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBLookups             6038760                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu0.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu0.branchPred.usedRAS                 610655                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu0.branchPred.RASInCorrect               597                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectLookups        6038760                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectHits           4371403                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu0.branchPred.indirectMisses         1667357                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu0.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1811                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       333                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu0.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.numCycles                       118573578                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu0.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu0.fetch.icacheStallCycles          34163773                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu0.fetch.Insts                     100061375                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu0.fetch.Branches                    6697877                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu0.fetch.predictedBranches           4982058                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu0.fetch.Cycles                     84230590                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu0.fetch.SquashCycles                   7372                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu0.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 187                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1380                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu0.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu0.fetch.CacheLines                 11368052                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu0.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2065                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::samples         118399623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.249766                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.693682                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::0                93897082     79.31%     79.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::1                 1612032      1.36%     80.67% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::2                 1902869      1.61%     82.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::3                 1937053      1.64%     83.91% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::4                 1671361      1.41%     85.32% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::5                 1745821      1.47%     86.80% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::6                 1265299      1.07%     87.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::7                 1208354      1.02%     88.89% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::8                13159752     11.11%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.rateDist::total           118399623                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu0.fetch.branchRate                 0.056487                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.fetch.rate                       0.843876                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu0.decode.IdleCycles                23986838                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu0.decode.BlockedCycles             71917157                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu0.decode.RunCycles                 18667841                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu0.decode.UnblockCycles              3824101                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu0.decode.SquashCycles                  3686                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu0.decode.DecodedInsts             147956759                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu0.rename.SquashCycles                  3686                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu0.rename.IdleCycles                26073063                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu0.rename.BlockCycles               22083468                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu0.rename.serializeStallCycles           963                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu0.rename.RunCycles                 20324607                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu0.rename.UnblockCycles             49913836                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedInsts             147947130                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu0.rename.ROBFullEvents                   63                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu0.rename.IQFullEvents               6093008                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu0.rename.LQFullEvents              41453073                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu0.rename.SQFullEvents               1160870                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu0.rename.RenamedOperands          163643553                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu0.rename.RenameLookups            348534910                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu0.rename.int_rename_lookups       163700290                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.fp_rename_lookups        104641501                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu0.rename.CommittedMaps            163550546                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu0.rename.UndoneMaps                   92871                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu0.rename.serializingInsts                20                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.tempSerializingInsts            18                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu0.rename.skidInsts                 26294584                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedLoads            29048452                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.insertedStores            8024666                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6495980                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu0.memDep0.conflictingStores         1529793                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsAdded                 147931588                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu0.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                489                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu0.iq.iqInstsIssued                149293306                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              116                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          71903                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        84126                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu0.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           437                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    118399623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.260927                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.746140                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           62604784     52.88%     52.88% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           16189153     13.67%     66.55% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           15021347     12.69%     79.24% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9598639      8.11%     87.34% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6843136      5.78%     93.12% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            4113071      3.47%     96.60% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2503464      2.11%     98.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             901373      0.76%     99.47% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             624656      0.53%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      118399623                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  46231      5.65%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.65% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                97710     11.94%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     17.59% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemRead                574815     70.24%     87.83% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                26798      3.27%     91.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            72744      8.89%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               7      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              887      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             77057909     51.62%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           33784759     22.63%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     74.25% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20578682     13.78%     88.03% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5375533      3.60%     91.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9848727      6.60%     98.23% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2646707      1.77%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.FU_type_0::total             149293306                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu0.iq.rate                          1.259077                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     818305                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu0.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005481                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         293853299                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         87496885                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     87404969                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          123951355                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          60507907                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu0.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     60498194                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu0.iq.int_alu_accesses              88040564                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu0.iq.fp_alu_accesses               62070160                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         7063401                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12280                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          105                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          841                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6049                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1382265                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu0.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           37                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu0.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu0.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3686                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu0.iew.iewBlockCycles                 867312                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewUnblockCycles             18594204                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          147932077                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2148                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             29048452                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             8024666                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               179                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 50999                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.iewLSQFullEvents             18524262                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu0.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           841                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu0.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           794                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2669                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu0.iew.branchMispredicts                3463                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecutedInsts            149288631                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             30426629                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu0.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4673                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu0.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_refs                    38448305                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_branches                 6691232                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_stores                   8021676                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu0.iew.exec_rate                    1.259038                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu0.iew.wb_sent                     147904000                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu0.iew.wb_count                    147903163                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu0.iew.wb_producers                112318202                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_consumers                184280461                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu0.iew.wb_rate                      1.247353                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu0.iew.wb_fanout                    0.609496                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu0.commit.commitSquashedInsts          72083                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu0.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu0.commit.branchMispredicts             2896                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    118387734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.248947                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.434680                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     81671430     68.99%     68.99% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10375828      8.76%     77.75% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4575639      3.86%     81.62% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4768292      4.03%     85.64% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3853777      3.26%     88.90% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1379093      1.16%     90.06% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       852319      0.72%     90.78% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       687254      0.58%     91.36% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::8     10224102      8.64%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    118387734                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu0.commit.committedInsts           100000002                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu0.commit.committedOps             147860063                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu0.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu0.commit.refs                      37054774                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu0.commit.loads                     29036158                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu0.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu0.commit.branches                   6688312                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu0.commit.fp_insts                  60494441                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.int_insts                 98477180                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu0.commit.function_calls              609425                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        77022315     52.09%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.09% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      33782542     22.85%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20571030     13.91%     88.85% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5372067      3.63%     92.49% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8465128      5.73%     98.21% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2646549      1.79%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.op_class_0::total        147860063                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu0.commit.bw_lim_events             10224102                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu0.rob.rob_reads                   256095778                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu0.rob.rob_writes                  295876394                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu0.timesIdled                            670                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu0.idleCycles                         173955                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu0.committedInsts                  100000002                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu0.committedOps                    147860063                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu0.cpi                              1.185736                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu0.cpi_total                        1.185736                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu0.ipc                              0.843358                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu0.ipc_total                        0.843358                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_reads               166395922                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu0.int_regfile_writes               75338747                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_reads                104634380                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu0.fp_regfile_writes                56276782                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_reads                 26458224                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu0.cc_regfile_writes                31980856                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu0.misc_regfile_reads               55078010                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.replacements           456324                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.158264                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.total_refs           29133437                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           456836                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.avg_refs            63.772201                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        185772708                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data   511.158264                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.998356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            8                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           45                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          377                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           82                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         60455688                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.tags.data_accesses        60455688                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.data     21045614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       21045614                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu0.data      7725672                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7725672                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::cpu0.data     28771286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_hits::total        28771286                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::cpu0.data     28771286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_hits::total       28771286                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.data       935198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       935198                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu0.data       292942                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       292942                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::cpu0.data      1228140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_misses::total       1228140                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::cpu0.data      1228140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_misses::total      1228140                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  44603531154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44603531154                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7513560252                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7513560252                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  52117091406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  52117091406                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  52117091406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  52117091406                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.data     21980812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21980812                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu0.data      8018614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      8018614                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu0.data     29999426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29999426                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu0.data     29999426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29999426                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.042546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042546                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.036533                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040939                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.040939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040939                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 47694.211444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47694.211444                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 25648.627551                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25648.627551                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42435.790224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42435.790224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42435.790224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42435.790224                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1731                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               12                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   144.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       417004                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.writebacks::total           417004                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       533557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       533557                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.data          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          262                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       533819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       533819                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.data       533819                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       533819                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       401641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       401641                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       292680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       292680                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       694321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       694321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       694321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       694321                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  22220599491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22220599491                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   7121683521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7121683521                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  29342283012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29342283012                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  29342283012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29342283012                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.018272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018272                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.036500                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.036500                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023144                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.023144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.023144                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 55324.529844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55324.529844                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 24332.662023                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24332.662023                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42260.399746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42260.399746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 42260.399746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42260.399746                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.tags.replacements              673                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tagsinuse          491.013741                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.icache.tags.total_refs           11366549                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1175                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.avg_refs          9673.658723                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst   491.013741                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.959011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.959011                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.icache.tags.tag_accesses         22737283                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.icache.tags.data_accesses        22737283                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu0.inst     11366555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       11366555                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::cpu0.inst     11366555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_hits::total        11366555                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::cpu0.inst     11366555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_hits::total       11366555                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1497                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::cpu0.inst         1497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_misses::total          1497                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1497                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_misses::total         1497                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    147022830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    147022830                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    147022830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    147022830                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    147022830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    147022830                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu0.inst     11368052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     11368052                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst     11368052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_accesses::total     11368052                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst     11368052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_accesses::total     11368052                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000132                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98211.643287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 98211.643287                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98211.643287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 98211.643287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 98211.643287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 98211.643287                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          582                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           97                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::writebacks          673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.writebacks::total              673                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu0.inst          318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          318                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1179                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1179                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1179                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    118506042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    118506042                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    118506042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    118506042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    118506042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    118506042                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000104                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100514.030534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100514.030534                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100514.030534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100514.030534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 100514.030534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100514.030534                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2.tags.replacements               436905                       # number of replacements
system.cpu0.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4068.973011                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu0.l2.tags.total_refs                 711476                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.sampled_refs               441001                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.avg_refs                 1.613321                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.warmup_cycle            812505348                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.476045                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst    20.716002                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data  4039.780964                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.002069                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst     0.005058                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data     0.986275                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993402                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          114                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1039                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2906                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu0.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9660873                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu0.l2.tags.data_accesses             9660873                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu0.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       417004                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       417004                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          670                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          670                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu0.data       237485                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          237485                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu0.data         6053                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             6053                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu0.inst           97                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            97                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        11007                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        11007                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.inst              97                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::cpu0.data           17060                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.demand_hits::total               17157                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.inst             97                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::cpu0.data          17060                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.overall_hits::total              17157                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu0.l2.conversionMisses                711476                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu0.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu0.l2.NumberOfConversion            11383616                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data        49401                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          49401                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       390375                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       390375                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.inst          1078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::cpu0.data        439776                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_misses::total            440854                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::cpu0.data       439776                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_misses::total           440854                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5580905508                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5580905508                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    116108442                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    116108442                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  21465627552                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  21465627552                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    116108442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27046533060                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_latency::total  27162641502                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    116108442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  27046533060                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_latency::total  27162641502                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       417004                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       417004                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          670                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          670                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu0.data       237485                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       237485                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data        55454                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        55454                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1175                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1175                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       401382                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       401382                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst         1175                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::cpu0.data       456836                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_accesses::total          458011                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst         1175                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::cpu0.data       456836                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_accesses::total         458011                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.890846                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.890846                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.917447                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.917447                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972577                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.972577                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.917447                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.962656                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.962540                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.917447                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.962656                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.962540                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 112971.508836                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 112971.508836                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107707.274583                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 107707.274583                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 54987.198340                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 54987.198340                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107707.274583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61500.702767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 61613.689571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 107707.274583                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 61500.702767                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 61613.689571                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu0.l2.writebacks::writebacks          415208                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2.writebacks::total               415208                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        49401                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        49401                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1078                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       390375                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       390375                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       439776                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       440854                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       439776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       440854                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5383499112                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5383499112                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    111800754                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    111800754                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  19905689052                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  19905689052                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    111800754                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  25289188164                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25400988918                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    111800754                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  25289188164                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25400988918                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu0.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.890846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.890846                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.917447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.917447                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.972577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972577                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.917447                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.962656                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.962540                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst     0.917447                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.962656                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.962540                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 108975.508836                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 108975.508836                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103711.274583                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 103711.274583                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 50991.198340                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50991.198340                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103711.274583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57504.702767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57617.689571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 103711.274583                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 57504.702767                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57617.689571                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1152497                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       694478                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           17                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         1473                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1471                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       402561                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       832212                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          673                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        74385                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       237485                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       237485                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        55454                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        55454                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1179                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       401382                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side         3027                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side      1844966                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1847993                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.icache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side       118272                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu0.l2.cpu_side     55925760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          56044032                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoops                     450277                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             26573568                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples      1145773                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.001302                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.036111                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0           1144283     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1              1488      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total       1145773                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu0.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     661954383                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1177821                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    535461669                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu0.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.branchPred.lookups                6396211                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.condPredicted          6396211                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu1.branchPred.condIncorrect             2733                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBLookups             5757996                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu1.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu1.branchPred.usedRAS                 593543                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu1.branchPred.RASInCorrect               589                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectLookups        5757996                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectHits           4170310                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu1.branchPred.indirectMisses         1587686                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu1.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1825                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu1.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu1.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.numCycles                       118573578                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu1.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu1.fetch.icacheStallCycles          32706637                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu1.fetch.Insts                      96346088                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu1.fetch.Branches                    6396211                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu1.fetch.predictedBranches           4763853                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu1.fetch.Cycles                     85688522                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu1.fetch.SquashCycles                   7338                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu1.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 197                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1371                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu1.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheWaitRetryStallCycles           46                       # Number of stall cycles due to full MSHR
system.cpu1.fetch.CacheLines                 10882493                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu1.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2032                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::samples         118400449                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.202468                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.653085                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::0                94832093     80.09%     80.09% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::1                 1555239      1.31%     81.41% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::2                 1819197      1.54%     82.94% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::3                 1852179      1.56%     84.51% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::4                 1598272      1.35%     85.86% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::5                 1715363      1.45%     87.31% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::6                 1214055      1.03%     88.33% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::7                 1144015      0.97%     89.30% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::8                12670036     10.70%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.rateDist::total           118400449                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu1.fetch.branchRate                 0.053943                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.fetch.rate                       0.812543                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu1.decode.IdleCycles                22629580                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu1.decode.BlockedCycles             74206882                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu1.decode.RunCycles                 17697527                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu1.decode.UnblockCycles              3862791                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu1.decode.SquashCycles                  3669                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu1.decode.DecodedInsts             142357826                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu1.rename.SquashCycles                  3669                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu1.rename.IdleCycles                24657230                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu1.rename.BlockCycles               22145239                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu1.rename.serializeStallCycles           767                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu1.rename.RunCycles                 19437376                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu1.rename.UnblockCycles             52156168                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedInsts             142348235                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu1.rename.ROBFullEvents                   54                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu1.rename.IQFullEvents               6173149                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu1.rename.LQFullEvents              44069137                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu1.rename.SQFullEvents                672463                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu1.rename.RenamedOperands          157943991                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu1.rename.RenameLookups            334918876                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu1.rename.int_rename_lookups       160032859                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.fp_rename_lookups         97544059                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu1.rename.CommittedMaps            157851481                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu1.rename.UndoneMaps                   92459                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu1.rename.serializingInsts                19                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.tempSerializingInsts            17                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu1.rename.skidInsts                 26068591                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedLoads            28356006                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.insertedStores            7846355                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6446342                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu1.memDep0.conflictingStores         1526618                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsAdded                 142332981                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu1.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                467                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu1.iq.iqInstsIssued                143689309                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              123                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          71841                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        82875                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu1.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           415                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    118400449                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.213588                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.730059                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           64666292     54.62%     54.62% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15648982     13.22%     67.83% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           14452120     12.21%     80.04% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9175612      7.75%     87.79% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6654804      5.62%     93.41% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            3925654      3.32%     96.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2396547      2.02%     98.75% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             861021      0.73%     99.48% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             619417      0.52%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      118400449                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  41769      5.23%      5.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.23% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                86801     10.88%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     16.11% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemRead                571796     71.65%     87.76% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                26050      3.26%     91.03% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            71593      8.97%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               6      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              916      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             74192350     51.63%     51.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           31922514     22.22%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     73.85% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20246649     14.09%     87.94% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5282623      3.68%     91.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9482777      6.60%     98.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2561378      1.78%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.FU_type_0::total             143689309                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu1.iq.rate                          1.211816                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     798015                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu1.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005554                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         289495663                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         85320350                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     85229463                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          117081541                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          57085724                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu1.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     57075365                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu1.iq.int_alu_accesses              85857562                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu1.iq.fp_alu_accesses               58628846                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6964191                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12137                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           99                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          813                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6022                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1376584                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu1.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           55                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu1.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu1.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3669                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu1.iew.iewBlockCycles                 993303                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewUnblockCycles             18456429                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          142333448                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2261                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             28356006                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             7846355                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               170                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 48325                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.iewLSQFullEvents             18385420                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu1.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           813                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu1.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           771                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2693                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu1.iew.branchMispredicts                3464                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecutedInsts            143684571                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             29728637                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu1.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4737                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu1.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_refs                    37572056                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_branches                 6389723                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_stores                   7843419                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu1.iew.exec_rate                    1.211776                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu1.iew.wb_sent                     142305668                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu1.iew.wb_count                    142304828                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu1.iew.wb_producers                108097617                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_consumers                176471046                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu1.iew.wb_rate                      1.200139                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu1.iew.wb_fanout                    0.612552                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu1.commit.commitSquashedInsts          72008                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu1.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu1.commit.branchMispredicts             2911                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    118388558                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.201650                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.403922                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     83128923     70.22%     70.22% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      9979817      8.43%     78.65% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4425920      3.74%     82.39% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4517720      3.82%     86.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3665560      3.10%     89.30% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1310879      1.11%     90.40% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       788634      0.67%     91.07% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       640540      0.54%     91.61% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      9930565      8.39%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    118388558                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu1.commit.committedInsts            96284713                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu1.commit.committedOps             142261556                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu1.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu1.commit.refs                      36184198                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu1.commit.loads                     28343865                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu1.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu1.commit.branches                   6386773                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu1.commit.fp_insts                  57071365                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.int_insts                 95856077                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu1.commit.function_calls              592356                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        74156715     52.13%     52.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.13% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      31920211     22.44%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.57% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20239069     14.23%     88.79% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5279124      3.71%     92.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8104796      5.70%     98.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2561209      1.80%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.op_class_0::total        142261556                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu1.commit.bw_lim_events              9930565                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu1.rob.rob_reads                   250791557                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu1.rob.rob_writes                  284679172                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu1.timesIdled                            668                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu1.idleCycles                         173129                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu1.committedInsts                   96284713                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu1.committedOps                    142261556                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu1.cpi                              1.231489                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu1.cpi_total                        1.231489                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu1.ipc                              0.812025                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu1.ipc_total                        0.812025                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_reads               162718291                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu1.int_regfile_writes               73557651                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_reads                 97536669                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu1.fp_regfile_writes                53064443                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_reads                 25255978                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu1.cc_regfile_writes                31275375                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu1.misc_regfile_reads               53424234                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.replacements           448266                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.157574                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.total_refs           28380219                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           448778                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.avg_refs            63.238882                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        178167654                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data   511.157574                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.998355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998355                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            9                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           53                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          413                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           37                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         58904878                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.tags.data_accesses        58904878                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.data     20471874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20471874                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu1.data      7561755                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7561755                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::cpu1.data     28033629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_hits::total        28033629                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::cpu1.data     28033629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_hits::total       28033629                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.data       915835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       915835                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu1.data       278586                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       278586                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::cpu1.data      1194421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_misses::total       1194421                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::cpu1.data      1194421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_misses::total      1194421                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  44090310222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  44090310222                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   7178001812                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7178001812                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  51268312034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  51268312034                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  51268312034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  51268312034                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.data     21387709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21387709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu1.data      7840341                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7840341                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu1.data     29228050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29228050                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu1.data     29228050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29228050                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.042821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042821                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.035532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.035532                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.040866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040866                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.040866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040866                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 48142.198346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 48142.198346                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 25765.838240                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 25765.838240                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42923.150241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 42923.150241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 42923.150241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 42923.150241                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1891                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               15                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   126.066667                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       409662                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.writebacks::total           409662                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       522315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       522315                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.data          222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          222                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       522537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       522537                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.data       522537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       522537                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       393520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       393520                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       278364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       278364                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       671884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       671884                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       671884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       671884                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  22864512267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  22864512267                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   6805485701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6805485701                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  29669997968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29669997968                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  29669997968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29669997968                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.018399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018399                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.035504                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.035504                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022988                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.022988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022988                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 58102.541845                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58102.541845                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 24448.153141                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24448.153141                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 44159.405445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44159.405445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 44159.405445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 44159.405445                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.tags.replacements              667                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tagsinuse          491.856751                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.icache.tags.total_refs           10881006                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1171                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.avg_refs          9292.063194                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst   491.856751                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.960658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.960658                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.icache.tags.tag_accesses         21766161                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.icache.tags.data_accesses        21766161                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu1.inst     10881010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       10881010                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::cpu1.inst     10881010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_hits::total        10881010                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::cpu1.inst     10881010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_hits::total       10881010                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1483                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::cpu1.inst         1483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_misses::total          1483                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_misses::total         1483                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    147235283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    147235283                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    147235283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    147235283                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    147235283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    147235283                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu1.inst     10882493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10882493                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst     10882493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_accesses::total     10882493                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst     10882493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_accesses::total     10882493                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000136                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 99282.051922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99282.051922                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 99282.051922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 99282.051922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 99282.051922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99282.051922                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          457                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                4                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   114.250000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::writebacks          667                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.writebacks::total              667                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          308                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          308                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu1.inst          308                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          308                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1175                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1175                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1175                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    119158721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    119158721                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    119158721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    119158721                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    119158721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    119158721                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000108                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101411.677447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101411.677447                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101411.677447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101411.677447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 101411.677447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 101411.677447                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2.tags.replacements               428837                       # number of replacements
system.cpu1.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4069.311331                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu1.l2.tags.total_refs                 689038                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.sampled_refs               432933                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.avg_refs                 1.591558                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.warmup_cycle            793777428                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.058043                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst    20.567098                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data  4040.686189                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.001967                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst     0.005021                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data     0.986496                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993484                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           21                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          130                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1191                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu1.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9408757                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu1.l2.tags.data_accesses             9408757                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu1.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       409662                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       409662                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          665                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          665                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu1.data       223106                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          223106                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data         6078                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             6078                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu1.inst           92                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            92                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data        10990                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        10990                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.inst              92                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::cpu1.data           17068                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.demand_hits::total               17160                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.inst             92                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::cpu1.data          17068                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.overall_hits::total              17160                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu1.l2.conversionMisses                689038                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu1.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu1.l2.NumberOfConversion            11024608                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data        49399                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          49399                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1079                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1079                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data       382311                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       382311                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.inst          1079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::cpu1.data        431710                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_misses::total            432789                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.inst         1079                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::cpu1.data       431710                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_misses::total           432789                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5350520457                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5350520457                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    116789427                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    116789427                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  22127625558                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  22127625558                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    116789427                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  27478146015                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_latency::total  27594935442                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    116789427                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  27478146015                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_latency::total  27594935442                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       409662                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       409662                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          665                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          665                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu1.data       223106                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       223106                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data        55477                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        55477                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         1171                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1171                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       393301                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       393301                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst         1171                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::cpu1.data       448778                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_accesses::total          449949                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst         1171                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::cpu1.data       448778                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_accesses::total         449949                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.890441                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.890441                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.921435                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.921435                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.972057                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.972057                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.921435                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.961968                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.961862                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.921435                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.961968                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.961862                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 108312.323266                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108312.323266                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 108238.579240                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 108238.579240                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 57878.600297                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57878.600297                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 108238.579240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63649.547184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 63760.713516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 108238.579240                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 63649.547184                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 63760.713516                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu1.l2.writebacks::writebacks          407771                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2.writebacks::total               407771                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        49399                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        49399                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1079                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1079                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       382311                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       382311                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       431710                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       432789                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       431710                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       432789                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   5153122053                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5153122053                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    112477743                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    112477743                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  20599910802                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20599910802                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    112477743                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  25753032855                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  25865510598                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    112477743                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  25753032855                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  25865510598                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu1.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.890441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.890441                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.921435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.921435                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.972057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972057                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.921435                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.961968                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.961862                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst     0.921435                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.961968                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.961862                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 104316.323266                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104316.323266                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 104242.579240                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104242.579240                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 53882.600297                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 53882.600297                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 104242.579240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 59653.547184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59764.713516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 104242.579240                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 59653.547184                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 59764.713516                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1121992                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       672035                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           18                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         1654                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1652                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       394476                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       817433                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          667                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        70572                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       223106                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       223106                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        55477                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        55477                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1175                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       393301                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side         3013                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side      1792034                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1795047                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.icache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side       117632                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu1.l2.cpu_side     54940160                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          55057792                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoops                     439743                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             26097600                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples      1112798                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.001504                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.038803                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0           1111126     99.85%     99.85% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1              1670      0.15%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total       1112798                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu1.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     646902450                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1174157                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    522623852                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu1.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.branchPred.lookups                6455861                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.condPredicted          6455861                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu2.branchPred.condIncorrect             2724                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBLookups             5813489                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu2.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu2.branchPred.usedRAS                 596935                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu2.branchPred.RASInCorrect               590                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectLookups        5813489                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectHits           4210029                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu2.branchPred.indirectMisses         1603460                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu2.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1822                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu2.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu2.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.numCycles                       118573578                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu2.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu2.fetch.icacheStallCycles          32994218                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu2.fetch.Insts                      97079393                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu2.fetch.Branches                    6455861                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu2.fetch.predictedBranches           4806964                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu2.fetch.Cycles                     85403105                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu2.fetch.SquashCycles                   7312                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu2.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 173                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1342                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu2.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu2.fetch.CacheLines                 10978335                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu2.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2046                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::samples         118402501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.211782                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.661699                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::0                94662384     79.95%     79.95% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::1                 1563286      1.32%     81.27% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::2                 1841287      1.56%     82.83% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::3                 1855954      1.57%     84.39% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::4                 1600531      1.35%     85.74% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::5                 1714579      1.45%     87.19% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::6                 1234994      1.04%     88.24% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::7                 1156566      0.98%     89.21% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::8                12772920     10.79%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.rateDist::total           118402501                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu2.fetch.branchRate                 0.054446                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.fetch.rate                       0.818727                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu2.decode.IdleCycles                23052101                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu2.decode.BlockedCycles             73576604                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu2.decode.RunCycles                 17983943                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu2.decode.UnblockCycles              3786197                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu2.decode.SquashCycles                  3656                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu2.decode.DecodedInsts             143463025                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu2.rename.SquashCycles                  3656                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu2.rename.IdleCycles                25095375                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu2.rename.BlockCycles               22340312                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu2.rename.serializeStallCycles          1162                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu2.rename.RunCycles                 19623365                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu2.rename.UnblockCycles             51338631                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedInsts             143453523                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu2.rename.ROBFullEvents                   52                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu2.rename.IQFullEvents               6052330                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu2.rename.LQFullEvents              43333694                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu2.rename.SQFullEvents                713035                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu2.rename.RenamedOperands          159069155                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu2.rename.RenameLookups            337606531                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu2.rename.int_rename_lookups       160756665                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.fp_rename_lookups         98945029                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu2.rename.CommittedMaps            158976111                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu2.rename.UndoneMaps                   92934                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu2.rename.serializingInsts                19                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.tempSerializingInsts            17                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu2.rename.skidInsts                 25914852                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedLoads            28492516                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.insertedStores            7881548                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6460313                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu2.memDep0.conflictingStores         1545046                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsAdded                 143438060                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu2.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                496                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu2.iq.iqInstsIssued                144795298                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              153                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          72086                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        83827                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu2.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           444                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    118402501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.222907                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.734931                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           64325153     54.33%     54.33% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15702766     13.26%     67.59% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           14560541     12.30%     79.89% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9256531      7.82%     87.71% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6633489      5.60%     93.31% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            3990501      3.37%     96.68% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2427625      2.05%     98.73% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             897514      0.76%     99.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             608381      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      118402501                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  43214      5.44%      5.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.44% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                86782     10.92%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     16.36% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemRead                568783     71.57%     87.93% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                26462      3.33%     91.26% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            69427      8.74%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               6      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              903      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             74758067     51.63%     51.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  74      0.00%     51.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.63% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           32290062     22.30%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     73.93% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20312109     14.03%     87.96% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5300920      3.66%     91.62% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9554931      6.60%     98.22% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2578204      1.78%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.FU_type_0::total             144795298                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu2.iq.rate                          1.221143                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     794674                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu2.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005488                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         290354509                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         85750529                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     85658861                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          118433415                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          57760908                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu2.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     57750890                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu2.iq.int_alu_accesses              86284987                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu2.iq.fp_alu_accesses               59304082                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6983004                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        12056                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses          103                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          823                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         6054                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1377709                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu2.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked           50                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu2.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu2.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3656                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu2.iew.iewBlockCycles                 981614                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewUnblockCycles             18750507                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          143438556                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2219                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             28492516                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             7881548                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               180                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 47449                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.iewLSQFullEvents             18680272                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu2.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           823                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu2.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           784                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2686                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu2.iew.branchMispredicts                3470                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecutedInsts            144790570                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             29866266                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu2.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4728                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu2.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_refs                    37744831                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_branches                 6449252                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_stores                   7878565                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu2.iew.exec_rate                    1.221103                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu2.iew.wb_sent                     143410575                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu2.iew.wb_count                    143409751                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu2.iew.wb_producers                108981036                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_consumers                178025138                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu2.iew.wb_rate                      1.209458                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu2.iew.wb_fanout                    0.612167                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu2.commit.commitSquashedInsts          72265                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu2.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu2.commit.branchMispredicts             2881                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    118390594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.210961                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.409202                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     82824616     69.96%     69.96% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::1     10060114      8.50%     78.46% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4462743      3.77%     82.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4562213      3.85%     86.08% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3730943      3.15%     89.23% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1325124      1.12%     90.35% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       802974      0.68%     91.03% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       648031      0.55%     91.58% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      9973836      8.42%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    118390594                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu2.commit.committedInsts            97017890                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu2.commit.committedOps             143366380                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu2.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu2.commit.refs                      36355920                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu2.commit.loads                     28480428                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu2.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu2.commit.branches                   6446291                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu2.commit.fp_insts                  57747000                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.int_insts                 96373198                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu2.commit.function_calls              595722                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        74722233     52.12%     52.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.12% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      32287795     22.52%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.64% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20304533     14.16%     88.80% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5297450      3.70%     92.50% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      8175895      5.70%     98.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2578042      1.80%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.op_class_0::total        143366380                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu2.commit.bw_lim_events              9973836                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu2.rob.rob_reads                   251855403                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu2.rob.rob_writes                  286889387                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu2.timesIdled                            667                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu2.idleCycles                         171077                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu2.committedInsts                   97017890                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu2.committedOps                    143366380                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu2.cpi                              1.222183                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu2.cpi_total                        1.222183                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu2.ipc                              0.818208                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu2.ipc_total                        0.818208                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_reads               163443570                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu2.int_regfile_writes               73909209                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_reads                 98937709                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu2.fp_regfile_writes                53698440                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_reads                 25493077                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu2.cc_regfile_writes                31414483                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu2.misc_regfile_reads               53750576                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.replacements           449656                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.153873                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.total_refs           28526677                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           450168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.avg_refs            63.368958                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        185117697                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data   511.153873                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.998347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998347                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          373                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           86                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         59211966                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.tags.data_accesses        59211966                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.data     20592818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20592818                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu2.data      7606027                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7606027                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::cpu2.data     28198845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_hits::total        28198845                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::cpu2.data     28198845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_hits::total       28198845                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.data       912581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       912581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu2.data       269473                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       269473                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::cpu2.data      1182054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_misses::total       1182054                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::cpu2.data      1182054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_misses::total      1182054                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  45470443041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  45470443041                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   7178082398                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7178082398                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  52648525439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  52648525439                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  52648525439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  52648525439                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.data     21505399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21505399                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu2.data      7875500                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7875500                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu2.data     29380899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_accesses::total     29380899                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu2.data     29380899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_accesses::total     29380899                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.042435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042435                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.034217                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.034217                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.040232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040232                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.040232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040232                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 49826.199582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 49826.199582                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 26637.482783                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26637.482783                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 44539.864878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 44539.864878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 44539.864878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 44539.864878                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         1574                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               13                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   121.076923                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       411067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.writebacks::total           411067                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       517622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       517622                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.data          240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          240                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       517862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       517862                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.data       517862                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       517862                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       394959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       394959                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       269233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       269233                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       664192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       664192                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       664192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       664192                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  23071903335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  23071903335                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   6817664843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6817664843                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  29889568178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  29889568178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  29889568178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  29889568178                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.018366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018366                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.034186                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.034186                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022606                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.022606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022606                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 58415.945288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58415.945288                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 25322.545316                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25322.545316                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 45001.397454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45001.397454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 45001.397454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 45001.397454                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.tags.replacements              658                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tagsinuse          492.348028                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.icache.tags.total_refs           10976857                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1162                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.avg_refs          9446.520654                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst   492.348028                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.961617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.961617                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          504                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.984375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.icache.tags.tag_accesses         21957836                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.icache.tags.data_accesses        21957836                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu2.inst     10976857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       10976857                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::cpu2.inst     10976857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_hits::total        10976857                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::cpu2.inst     10976857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_hits::total       10976857                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1478                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::cpu2.inst         1478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_misses::total          1478                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_misses::total         1478                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    144557298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    144557298                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    144557298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    144557298                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    144557298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    144557298                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu2.inst     10978335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10978335                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst     10978335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_accesses::total     10978335                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst     10978335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_accesses::total     10978335                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000135                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97806.020298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 97806.020298                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97806.020298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 97806.020298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 97806.020298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 97806.020298                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          421                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                5                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    84.200000                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::writebacks          658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.writebacks::total              658                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu2.inst          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          312                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1166                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1166                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1166                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    116902647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    116902647                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    116902647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    116902647                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    116902647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    116902647                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000106                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 100259.560034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100259.560034                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 100259.560034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100259.560034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 100259.560034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 100259.560034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2.tags.replacements               430414                       # number of replacements
system.cpu2.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4069.038463                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu2.l2.tags.total_refs                 681138                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.sampled_refs               434510                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.avg_refs                 1.567600                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.warmup_cycle            808845345                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.480874                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst    20.810386                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data  4039.747203                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.002071                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst     0.005081                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data     0.986266                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993418                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           20                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          108                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1039                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2911                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           18                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu2.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9359758                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu2.l2.tags.data_accesses             9359758                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu2.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       411067                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       411067                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          655                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          655                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu2.data       214023                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          214023                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu2.data         6045                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             6045                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu2.inst           89                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            89                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data        10820                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        10820                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.inst              89                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::cpu2.data           16865                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.demand_hits::total               16954                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.inst             89                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::cpu2.data          16865                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.overall_hits::total              16954                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu2.l2.conversionMisses                681138                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu2.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu2.l2.NumberOfConversion            10898208                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data        49403                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          49403                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1073                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1073                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data       383901                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       383901                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.inst          1073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::cpu2.data        433304                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_misses::total            434377                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.inst         1073                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::cpu2.data       433304                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_misses::total           434377                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5417454123                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5417454123                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    114561990                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    114561990                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  22333124187                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  22333124187                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    114561990                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27750578310                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_latency::total  27865140300                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    114561990                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  27750578310                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_latency::total  27865140300                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       411067                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       411067                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          655                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          655                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu2.data       214023                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       214023                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data        55448                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        55448                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         1162                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1162                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       394721                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       394721                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst         1162                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::cpu2.data       450169                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_accesses::total          451331                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst         1162                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::cpu2.data       450169                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_accesses::total         451331                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.890979                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.890979                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.923408                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.923408                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.972588                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.972588                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.923408                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.962536                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.962436                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.923408                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.962536                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.962436                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 109658.403801                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 109658.403801                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 106767.931034                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106767.931034                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 58174.175600                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58174.175600                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 106767.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 64044.131395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 64149.667915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 106767.931034                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 64044.131395                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 64149.667915                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu2.l2.writebacks::writebacks          409217                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l2.writebacks::total               409217                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        49403                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        49403                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1073                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1073                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       383901                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       383901                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       433304                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       434377                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       433304                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       434377                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   5220039735                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5220039735                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    110274282                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    110274282                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  20799059787                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  20799059787                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    110274282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  26019099522                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  26129373804                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    110274282                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  26019099522                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  26129373804                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu2.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.890979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.890979                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.923408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.923408                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.972588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972588                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.923408                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.962536                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.962436                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst     0.923408                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.962536                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.962436                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 105662.403801                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 105662.403801                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 102771.931034                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102771.931034                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 54178.186009                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54178.186009                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 102771.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 60048.140617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60153.677115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 102771.931034                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 60048.140617                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 60153.677115                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1115672                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       664333                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           20                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         1309                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1307                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       395886                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       820284                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          658                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        71432                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       214023                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       214023                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        55448                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        55448                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1166                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       394721                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side         2986                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side      1778039                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1781025                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.icache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side       116480                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu2.l2.cpu_side     55119040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          55235520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoops                     442064                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             26190144                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples      1107418                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.001202                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.034700                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0           1106089     99.88%     99.88% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1              1327      0.12%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total       1107418                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu2.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     645727626                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1165166                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    520987491                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu2.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.branchPred.lookups                6271706                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.condPredicted          6271706                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu3.branchPred.condIncorrect             2684                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBLookups             5642144                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHits                      0                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBCorrect                   0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu3.branchPred.BTBHitPct             0.000000                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu3.branchPred.usedRAS                 586462                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu3.branchPred.RASInCorrect               579                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectLookups        5642144                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectHits           4087381                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu3.branchPred.indirectMisses         1554763                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu3.branchPredindirectMispredicted         1793                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu3.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.apic_clk_domain.clock                5328                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu3.interrupts.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.workload.num_syscalls                  16                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON    39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.numCycles                       118573578                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsStarted                     0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu3.numWorkItemsCompleted                   0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu3.fetch.icacheStallCycles          32107487                       # Number of cycles fetch is stalled on an Icache miss
system.cpu3.fetch.Insts                      94811853                       # Number of instructions fetch has processed
system.cpu3.fetch.Branches                    6271706                       # Number of branches that fetch encountered
system.cpu3.fetch.predictedBranches           4673843                       # Number of branches that fetch has predicted taken
system.cpu3.fetch.Cycles                     86288968                       # Number of cycles fetch has run and was not squashing or blocked
system.cpu3.fetch.SquashCycles                   7156                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent squashing
system.cpu3.fetch.MiscStallCycles                 152                       # Number of cycles fetch has spent waiting on interrupts, or bad addresses, or out of MSHRs
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingTrapStallCycles         1129                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending traps
system.cpu3.fetch.PendingQuiesceStallCycles            7                       # Number of stall cycles due to pending quiesce instructions
system.cpu3.fetch.CacheLines                 10682013                       # Number of cache lines fetched
system.cpu3.fetch.IcacheSquashes                 2036                       # Number of outstanding Icache misses that were squashed
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::samples         118401321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::mean             1.182930                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::stdev            2.636653                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::0                95247380     80.44%     80.44% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::1                 1515896      1.28%     81.72% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::2                 1782807      1.51%     83.23% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::3                 1808041      1.53%     84.76% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::4                 1551593      1.31%     86.07% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::5                 1693529      1.43%     87.50% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::6                 1210717      1.02%     88.52% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::7                 1114386      0.94%     89.46% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::8                12476972     10.54%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::min_value               0                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::max_value               8                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.rateDist::total           118401321                       # Number of instructions fetched each cycle (Total)
system.cpu3.fetch.branchRate                 0.052893                       # Number of branch fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.fetch.rate                       0.799604                       # Number of inst fetches per cycle
system.cpu3.decode.IdleCycles                22379100                       # Number of cycles decode is idle
system.cpu3.decode.BlockedCycles             74774322                       # Number of cycles decode is blocked
system.cpu3.decode.RunCycles                 17599841                       # Number of cycles decode is running
system.cpu3.decode.UnblockCycles              3644480                       # Number of cycles decode is unblocking
system.cpu3.decode.SquashCycles                  3578                       # Number of cycles decode is squashing
system.cpu3.decode.DecodedInsts             140045996                       # Number of instructions handled by decode
system.cpu3.rename.SquashCycles                  3578                       # Number of cycles rename is squashing
system.cpu3.rename.IdleCycles                24390548                       # Number of cycles rename is idle
system.cpu3.rename.BlockCycles               22850846                       # Number of cycles rename is blocking
system.cpu3.rename.serializeStallCycles          1078                       # count of cycles rename stalled for serializing inst
system.cpu3.rename.RunCycles                 19148927                       # Number of cycles rename is running
system.cpu3.rename.UnblockCycles             52006344                       # Number of cycles rename is unblocking
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedInsts             140036698                       # Number of instructions processed by rename
system.cpu3.rename.ROBFullEvents                   64                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to ROB full
system.cpu3.rename.IQFullEvents               5768802                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to IQ full
system.cpu3.rename.LQFullEvents              43898839                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to LQ full
system.cpu3.rename.SQFullEvents               1168041                       # Number of times rename has blocked due to SQ full
system.cpu3.rename.RenamedOperands          155591104                       # Number of destination operands rename has renamed
system.cpu3.rename.RenameLookups            329297649                       # Number of register rename lookups that rename has made
system.cpu3.rename.int_rename_lookups       158518519                       # Number of integer rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.fp_rename_lookups         94613819                       # Number of floating rename lookups
system.cpu3.rename.CommittedMaps            155499828                       # Number of HB maps that are committed
system.cpu3.rename.UndoneMaps                   91166                       # Number of HB maps that are undone due to squashing
system.cpu3.rename.serializingInsts                20                       # count of serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.tempSerializingInsts            18                       # count of temporary serializing insts renamed
system.cpu3.rename.skidInsts                 25279618                       # count of insts added to the skid buffer
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedLoads            28070162                       # Number of loads inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.insertedStores            7772659                       # Number of stores inserted to the mem dependence unit.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingLoads          6368894                       # Number of conflicting loads.
system.cpu3.memDep0.conflictingStores         1506564                       # Number of conflicting stores.
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsAdded                 140021358                       # Number of instructions added to the IQ (excludes non-spec)
system.cpu3.iq.iqNonSpecInstsAdded                480                       # Number of non-speculative instructions added to the IQ
system.cpu3.iq.iqInstsIssued                141375858                       # Number of instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsIssued              129                       # Number of squashed instructions issued
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedInstsExamined          70386                       # Number of squashed instructions iterated over during squash; mainly for profiling
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedOperandsExamined        81531                       # Number of squashed operands that are examined and possibly removed from graph
system.cpu3.iq.iqSquashedNonSpecRemoved           428                       # Number of squashed non-spec instructions that were removed
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::samples    118401321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::mean        1.194040                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::stdev       1.724732                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::0           65573227     55.38%     55.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::1           15385825     12.99%     68.38% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::2           14224335     12.01%     80.39% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::3            9028260      7.63%     88.02% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::4            6409614      5.41%     93.43% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::5            3917971      3.31%     96.74% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::6            2414606      2.04%     98.78% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::7             839228      0.71%     99.49% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::8             608255      0.51%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.issued_per_cycle::total      118401321                       # Number of insts issued each cycle
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::No_OpClass                  0      0.00%      0.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntAlu                  39856      5.19%      5.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntMult                     0      0.00%      5.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IntDiv                      0      0.00%      5.19% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatAdd                80213     10.45%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCmp                    0      0.00%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatCvt                    0      0.00%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMult                   0      0.00%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMultAcc                0      0.00%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatDiv                    0      0.00%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMisc                   0      0.00%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatSqrt                   0      0.00%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAdd                     0      0.00%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAddAcc                  0      0.00%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdAlu                     0      0.00%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCmp                     0      0.00%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdCvt                     0      0.00%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMisc                    0      0.00%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMult                    0      0.00%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdMultAcc                 0      0.00%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShift                   0      0.00%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdShiftAcc                0      0.00%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdSqrt                    0      0.00%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAdd                0      0.00%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatAlu                0      0.00%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCmp                0      0.00%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatCvt                0      0.00%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatDiv                0      0.00%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMisc               0      0.00%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMult               0      0.00%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::SimdFloatSqrt               0      0.00%     15.64% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemRead                552376     71.97%     87.61% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::MemWrite                34167      4.45%     92.06% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemRead            60904      7.94%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::FloatMemWrite               6      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::IprAccess                   0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.fu_full::InstPrefetch                0      0.00%    100.00% # attempts to use FU when none available
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::No_OpClass              880      0.00%      0.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntAlu             73009315     51.64%     51.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntMult                  75      0.00%     51.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IntDiv                   28      0.00%     51.64% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatAdd           31153882     22.04%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCmp                  0      0.00%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatCvt                  0      0.00%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMult                 0      0.00%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMultAcc              0      0.00%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatDiv                  0      0.00%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMisc                 0      0.00%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatSqrt                 0      0.00%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAdd                   0      0.00%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAddAcc                0      0.00%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdAlu                   0      0.00%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCmp                   0      0.00%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdCvt                   0      0.00%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMisc                  0      0.00%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMult                  0      0.00%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdMultAcc               0      0.00%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShift                 0      0.00%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdShiftAcc              0      0.00%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdSqrt                  0      0.00%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAdd              0      0.00%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatAlu              0      0.00%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCmp              0      0.00%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatCvt              0      0.00%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatDiv              0      0.00%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMisc             0      0.00%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMult             0      0.00%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::SimdFloatSqrt             0      0.00%     73.68% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemRead            20109732     14.22%     87.90% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::MemWrite            5244189      3.71%     91.61% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemRead        9331614      6.60%     98.21% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::FloatMemWrite       2526143      1.79%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::IprAccess                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::InstPrefetch              0      0.00%    100.00% # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.FU_type_0::total             141375858                       # Type of FU issued
system.cpu3.iq.rate                          1.192305                       # Inst issue rate
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_cnt                     767522                       # FU busy when requested
system.cpu3.iq.fu_busy_rate                  0.005429                       # FU busy rate (busy events/executed inst)
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_reads         287688355                       # Number of integer instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_writes         84420948                       # Number of integer instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.int_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     84331358                       # Number of integer instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_reads          114232333                       # Number of floating instruction queue reads
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_writes          55672056                       # Number of floating instruction queue writes
system.cpu3.iq.fp_inst_queue_wakeup_accesses     55662434                       # Number of floating instruction queue wakeup accesses
system.cpu3.iq.int_alu_accesses              84947557                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu3.iq.fp_alu_accesses               57194943                       # Number of floating point alu accesses
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.forwLoads         6931806                       # Number of loads that had data forwarded from stores
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrLoads            0                       # Number of loads ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedLoads        11892                       # Number of loads squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.ignoredResponses           92                       # Number of memory responses ignored because the instruction is squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.memOrderViolation          807                       # Number of memory ordering violations
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.squashedStores         5889                       # Number of stores squashed
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.invAddrSwpfs            0                       # Number of software prefetches ignored due to an invalid address
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.blockedLoads            0                       # Number of blocked loads due to partial load-store forwarding
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.rescheduledLoads      1374236                       # Number of loads that were rescheduled
system.cpu3.iew.lsq.thread0.cacheBlocked          119                       # Number of times an access to memory failed due to the cache being blocked
system.cpu3.iew.iewIdleCycles                       0                       # Number of cycles IEW is idle
system.cpu3.iew.iewSquashCycles                  3578                       # Number of cycles IEW is squashing
system.cpu3.iew.iewBlockCycles                 867858                       # Number of cycles IEW is blocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewUnblockCycles             19438289                       # Number of cycles IEW is unblocking
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispatchedInsts          140021838                       # Number of instructions dispatched to IQ
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispSquashedInsts             2215                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped by dispatch
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispLoadInsts             28070162                       # Number of dispatched load instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispStoreInsts             7772659                       # Number of dispatched store instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewDispNonSpecInsts               176                       # Number of dispatched non-speculative instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewIQFullEvents                 48915                       # Number of times the IQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.iewLSQFullEvents             19372368                       # Number of times the LSQ has become full, causing a stall
system.cpu3.iew.memOrderViolationEvents           807                       # Number of memory order violations
system.cpu3.iew.predictedTakenIncorrect           768                       # Number of branches that were predicted taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.predictedNotTakenIncorrect         2614                       # Number of branches that were predicted not taken incorrectly
system.cpu3.iew.branchMispredicts                3382                       # Number of branch mispredicts detected at execute
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecutedInsts            141371201                       # Number of executed instructions
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecLoadInsts             29440577                       # Number of load instructions executed
system.cpu3.iew.iewExecSquashedInsts             4657                       # Number of squashed instructions skipped in execute
system.cpu3.iew.exec_swp                            0                       # number of swp insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_nop                            0                       # number of nop insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_refs                    37210348                       # number of memory reference insts executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_branches                 6265256                       # Number of branches executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_stores                   7769771                       # Number of stores executed
system.cpu3.iew.exec_rate                    1.192266                       # Inst execution rate
system.cpu3.iew.wb_sent                     139994601                       # cumulative count of insts sent to commit
system.cpu3.iew.wb_count                    139993792                       # cumulative count of insts written-back
system.cpu3.iew.wb_producers                106355853                       # num instructions producing a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_consumers                173134718                       # num instructions consuming a value
system.cpu3.iew.wb_rate                      1.180649                       # insts written-back per cycle
system.cpu3.iew.wb_fanout                    0.614295                       # average fanout of values written-back
system.cpu3.commit.commitSquashedInsts          70521                       # The number of squashed insts skipped by commit
system.cpu3.commit.commitNonSpecStalls             52                       # The number of times commit has been forced to stall to communicate backwards
system.cpu3.commit.branchMispredicts             2820                       # The number of times a branch was mispredicted
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::samples    118389765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::mean     1.182124                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::stdev     2.390394                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::0     83719539     70.72%     70.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::1      9813256      8.29%     79.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::2      4384337      3.70%     82.71% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::3      4403587      3.72%     86.43% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::4      3600203      3.04%     89.47% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::5      1280872      1.08%     90.55% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::6       766612      0.65%     91.20% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::7       617045      0.52%     91.72% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::8      9804314      8.28%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::min_value            0                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::max_value            8                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committed_per_cycle::total    118389765                       # Number of insts commited each cycle
system.cpu3.commit.committedInsts            94751625                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu3.commit.committedOps             139951362                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu3.commit.swp_count                        0                       # Number of s/w prefetches committed
system.cpu3.commit.refs                      35825006                       # Number of memory references committed
system.cpu3.commit.loads                     28058238                       # Number of loads committed
system.cpu3.commit.membars                         24                       # Number of memory barriers committed
system.cpu3.commit.branches                   6262346                       # Number of branches committed
system.cpu3.commit.fp_insts                  55658742                       # Number of committed floating point instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.int_insts                 94774581                       # Number of committed integer instructions.
system.cpu3.commit.function_calls              585312                       # Number of function calls committed.
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::No_OpClass          338      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntAlu        72974226     52.14%     52.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntMult             73      0.00%     52.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IntDiv              21      0.00%     52.14% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatAdd      31151698     22.26%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCmp             0      0.00%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatCvt             0      0.00%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatDiv             0      0.00%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAdd              0      0.00%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdAlu              0      0.00%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCmp              0      0.00%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdCvt              0      0.00%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMisc             0      0.00%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMult             0      0.00%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdSqrt             0      0.00%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%     74.40% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemRead       20102145     14.36%     88.77% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::MemWrite       5240781      3.74%     92.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemRead      7956093      5.68%     98.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite      2525987      1.80%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.op_class_0::total        139951362                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu3.commit.bw_lim_events              9804314                       # number cycles where commit BW limit reached
system.cpu3.rob.rob_reads                   248607334                       # The number of ROB reads
system.cpu3.rob.rob_writes                  280055508                       # The number of ROB writes
system.cpu3.timesIdled                            660                       # Number of times that the entire CPU went into an idle state and unscheduled itself
system.cpu3.idleCycles                         172257                       # Total number of cycles that the CPU has spent unscheduled due to idling
system.cpu3.committedInsts                   94751625                       # Number of Instructions Simulated
system.cpu3.committedOps                    139951362                       # Number of Ops (including micro ops) Simulated
system.cpu3.cpi                              1.251415                       # CPI: Cycles Per Instruction
system.cpu3.cpi_total                        1.251415                       # CPI: Total CPI of All Threads
system.cpu3.ipc                              0.799096                       # IPC: Instructions Per Cycle
system.cpu3.ipc_total                        0.799096                       # IPC: Total IPC of All Threads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_reads               161200129                       # number of integer regfile reads
system.cpu3.int_regfile_writes               72822454                       # number of integer regfile writes
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_reads                 94606841                       # number of floating regfile reads
system.cpu3.fp_regfile_writes                51738399                       # number of floating regfile writes
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_reads                 24759715                       # number of cc regfile reads
system.cpu3.cc_regfile_writes                30984018                       # number of cc regfile writes
system.cpu3.misc_regfile_reads               52741547                       # number of misc regfile reads
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.replacements           444526                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          511.158306                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.total_refs           28056247                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.sampled_refs           445038                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.avg_refs            63.042363                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle        185298849                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data   511.158306                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.998356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.998356                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           47                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          375                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           84                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         58247204                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.tags.data_accesses        58247204                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.data     20234726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total       20234726                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::cpu3.data      7508634                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       7508634                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::cpu3.data     27743360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_hits::total        27743360                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::cpu3.data     27743360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_hits::total       27743360                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.dcache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.dcache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.data       899581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total       899581                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::cpu3.data       258142                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       258142                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::cpu3.data      1157723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_misses::total       1157723                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::cpu3.data      1157723                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_misses::total      1157723                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  48102433083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  48102433083                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   7260168230                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   7260168230                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data  55362601313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  55362601313                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data  55362601313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  55362601313                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.data     21134307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     21134307                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::cpu3.data      7766776                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      7766776                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu3.data     28901083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_accesses::total     28901083                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu3.data     28901083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_accesses::total     28901083                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.042565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.042565                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.033237                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.033237                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.040058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.040058                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.040058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.040058                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 53472.042076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 53472.042076                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 28124.707448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 28124.707448                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 47820.248292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 47820.248292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 47820.248292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 47820.248292                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs         2564                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs               21                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs   122.095238                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::writebacks       406420                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.writebacks::total           406420                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       509668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total       509668                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.data          258                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total          258                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       509926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total       509926                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.data       509926                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total       509926                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       389913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       389913                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       257884                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       257884                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       647797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       647797                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       647797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       647797                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  24161986494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  24161986494                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   6914812598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6914812598                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  31076799092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  31076799092                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  31076799092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  31076799092                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.018449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.018449                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.033203                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.033203                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022414                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.022414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.022414                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 61967.635072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61967.635072                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 26813.654969                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 26813.654969                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 47973.051885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47973.051885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 47973.051885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 47973.051885                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.tags.replacements              672                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tagsinuse          490.619195                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.icache.tags.total_refs           10680509                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.sampled_refs             1174                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.avg_refs          9097.537479                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.warmup_cycle                0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst   490.619195                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.958241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.958241                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          502                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.980469                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.icache.tags.tag_accesses         21365204                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.icache.tags.data_accesses        21365204                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu3.inst     10680514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_hits::total       10680514                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::cpu3.inst     10680514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_hits::total        10680514                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::cpu3.inst     10680514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_hits::total       10680514                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.icache.conversionMisses                 0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.icache.ConversionWrtBack                0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.icache.NumberOfConversion               0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_misses::total         1499                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::cpu3.inst         1499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_misses::total          1499                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         1499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_misses::total         1499                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    149803713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    149803713                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    149803713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    149803713                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    149803713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    149803713                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu3.inst     10682013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10682013                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst     10682013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_accesses::total     10682013                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst     10682013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_accesses::total     10682013                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000140                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99935.765844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99935.765844                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99935.765844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 99935.765844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 99935.765844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 99935.765844                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          588                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                6                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.blocked::no_targets              0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs           98                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::writebacks          672                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.writebacks::total              672                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          321                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_hits::total          321                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::cpu3.inst          321                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_hits::total          321                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1178                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1178                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1178                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    120740472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    120740472                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    120740472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    120740472                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    120740472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    120740472                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.000110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 102496.156197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102496.156197                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 102496.156197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102496.156197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 102496.156197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 102496.156197                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.conversionMisses            0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.ConversionWrtBack            0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.NumberOfConversion            0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2.tags.replacements               425500                       # number of replacements
system.cpu3.l2.tags.tagsinuse             4069.069152                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu3.l2.tags.total_refs                 664554                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.sampled_refs               429596                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.avg_refs                 1.546928                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.warmup_cycle            812086434                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     8.213640                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst    20.932915                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data  4039.922597                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.002005                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst     0.005111                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data     0.986309                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_percent::total       0.993425                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         4096                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           19                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          111                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         1048                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         2902                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           16                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu3.l2.tags.tag_accesses              9182868                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu3.l2.tags.data_accesses             9182868                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu3.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks       406420                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total       406420                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_hits::writebacks          669                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total          669                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::cpu3.data       202757                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_hits::total          202757                       # number of UpgradeReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_hits::cpu3.data         5981                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total             5981                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::cpu3.inst           99                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total            99                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data        10673                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total        10673                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.inst              99                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::cpu3.data           16654                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.demand_hits::total               16753                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.inst             99                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::cpu3.data          16654                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.overall_hits::total              16753                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu3.l2.conversionMisses                664554                       # number of ratiod misses
system.cpu3.l2.ConversionWrtBack                    0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.cpu3.l2.NumberOfConversion            10632864                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data        49400                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total          49400                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1075                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total         1075                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data       378986                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total       378986                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.inst          1075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::cpu3.data        428386                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_misses::total            429461                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.inst         1075                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::cpu3.data       428386                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_misses::total           429461                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   5582599812                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   5582599812                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    118336212                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total    118336212                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  23434645230                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  23434645230                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    118336212                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data  29017245042                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_latency::total  29135581254                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    118336212                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data  29017245042                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_latency::total  29135581254                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks       406420                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       406420                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::writebacks          669                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          669                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::cpu3.data       202757                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.UpgradeReq_accesses::total       202757                       # number of UpgradeReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data        55381                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total        55381                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         1174                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total         1174                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       389659                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       389659                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst         1174                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::cpu3.data       445040                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_accesses::total          446214                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst         1174                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::cpu3.data       445040                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_accesses::total         446214                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.892003                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total     0.892003                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915673                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total     0.915673                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.972609                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.972609                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915673                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.962579                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_miss_rate::total       0.962455                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915673                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.962579                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_miss_rate::total      0.962455                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 113008.093360                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 113008.093360                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 110080.197209                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 110080.197209                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 61835.121165                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 61835.121165                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 110080.197209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 67736.212299                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 67842.205122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 110080.197209                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 67736.212299                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 67842.205122                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                    0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.blocked::no_targets                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu3.l2.writebacks::writebacks          404500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l2.writebacks::total               404500                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks            7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        49400                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total        49400                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1075                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1075                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       378986                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       378986                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       428386                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total       429461                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       428386                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total       429461                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   5385197412                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5385197412                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    114040512                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    114040512                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  21920225166                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  21920225166                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    114040512                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  27305422578                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  27419463090                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    114040512                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  27305422578                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  27419463090                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu3.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.892003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.892003                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.915673                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.972609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.972609                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915673                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.962579                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.962455                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst     0.915673                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.962579                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.962455                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 109012.093360                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 109012.093360                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 106084.197209                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 106084.197209                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 57839.142253                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57839.142253                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 106084.197209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 63740.230955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63846.223732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 106084.197209                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 63740.230955                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 63846.223732                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1094173                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       647951                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           18                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops         1373                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops         1371                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            2                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp       390835                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       810920                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          672                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict        73743                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeReq       202757                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::UpgradeResp       202757                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq        55381                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp        55381                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq         1178                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       389659                       # Transaction distribution
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side         3024                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side      1740118                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_count::total          1743142                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.icache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side       118144                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.dcache.mem_side::system.cpu3.l2.cpu_side     54493312                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.pkt_size::total          54611456                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoops                     440141                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoopTraffic             25888256                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples      1089112                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean       0.001279                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev      0.035792                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0           1087721     99.87%     99.87% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1              1389      0.13%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                 2      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::3                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::4                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total       1089112                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu3.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy     635482881                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization          1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy      1176822                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization          0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy    512111043                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.cpu3.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization          1.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.l3.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.tags.replacements                    718522                       # number of replacements
system.l3.tags.tagsinuse                 122101.892080                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l3.tags.total_refs                     2600818                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.sampled_refs                    849594                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.avg_refs                      3.061248                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l3.tags.warmup_cycle                5702333000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks     6868.151857                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.inst       132.089220                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu0.data     28724.729869                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.inst       132.281158                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu1.data     28702.121496                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.inst       126.354136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu2.data     28817.750356                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.inst       131.864902                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_blocks::cpu3.data     28466.549085                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::writebacks       0.052400                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.inst        0.001008                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu0.data        0.219152                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.inst        0.001009                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu1.data        0.218980                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.inst        0.000964                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu2.data        0.219862                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.inst        0.001006                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::cpu3.data        0.217183                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_percent::total            0.931564                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        131072                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          995                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2        10209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        81232                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4        38532                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l3.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l3.tags.tag_accesses                  56154538                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l3.tags.data_accesses                 56154538                       # Number of data accesses
system.l3.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::writebacks      1636696                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.WritebackDirty_hits::total          1636696                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::cpu1.data                 1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadExReq_hits::total                     1                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu0.data        250867                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu1.data        236565                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu2.data        227262                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::cpu3.data        215859                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            930553                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu0.data               250867                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu1.data               236566                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu2.data               227262                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::cpu3.data               215859                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.demand_hits::total                   930554                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu0.data              250867                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu1.data              236566                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu2.data              227262                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::cpu3.data              215859                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.overall_hits::total                  930554                       # number of overall hits
system.l3.conversionMisses                          0                       # number of ratiod misses
system.l3.ConversionWrtBack                         0                       # number of ratiod writeBacks
system.l3.NumberOfConversion                        0                       # Total Number Of Conversions per missed block
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu0.data           49401                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu1.data           49398                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu2.data           49403                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::cpu3.data           49400                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_misses::total              197602                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu0.data       139508                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.inst         1079                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu1.data       145746                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.inst         1073                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu2.data       156639                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.inst         1075                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::cpu3.data       163127                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          609325                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu0.inst               1078                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu0.data             188909                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu1.inst               1079                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu1.data             195144                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu2.inst               1073                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu2.data             206042                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu3.inst               1075                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::cpu3.data             212527                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.demand_misses::total                 806927                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu0.inst              1078                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu0.data            188909                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu1.inst              1079                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu1.data            195144                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu2.inst              1073                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu2.data            206042                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu3.inst              1075                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::cpu3.data            212527                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.overall_misses::total                806927                       # number of overall misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data   5152997178                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4922616789                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4989548457                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data   5154746427                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   20219908851                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    106770456                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu0.data  14988332331                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    107443449                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu1.data  15896365056                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    105269625                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu2.data  16202849931                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    109023534                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::cpu3.data  17487315513                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total  65003369895                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    106770456                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20141329509                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    107443449                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu1.data  20818981845                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    105269625                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu2.data  21192398388                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    109023534                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::cpu3.data  22642061940                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.demand_miss_latency::total      85223278746                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.inst    106770456                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu0.data  20141329509                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.inst    107443449                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu1.data  20818981845                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.inst    105269625                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu2.data  21192398388                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.inst    109023534                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::cpu3.data  22642061940                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.overall_miss_latency::total     85223278746                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::writebacks      1636696                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.WritebackDirty_accesses::total      1636696                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu0.data         49401                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu1.data         49399                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu2.data         49403                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::cpu3.data         49400                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadExReq_accesses::total            197603                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu0.data       390375                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.inst         1079                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu1.data       382311                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.inst         1073                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu2.data       383901                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.inst         1075                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::cpu3.data       378986                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total       1539878                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu0.inst             1078                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu0.data           439776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu1.inst             1079                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu1.data           431710                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu2.inst             1073                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu2.data           433304                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu3.inst             1075                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::cpu3.data           428386                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.demand_accesses::total              1737481                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu0.inst            1078                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu0.data          439776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu1.inst            1079                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu1.data          431710                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu2.inst            1073                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu2.data          433304                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu3.inst            1075                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::cpu3.data          428386                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.overall_accesses::total             1737481                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.999980                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.999995                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.357369                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.381224                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.408019                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.inst            1                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.430430                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.395697                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu0.data        0.429557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu1.data        0.452026                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu2.data        0.475514                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.inst               1                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::cpu3.data        0.496111                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_miss_rate::total            0.464423                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu0.data       0.429557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu1.data       0.452026                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu2.data       0.475514                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.inst              1                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::cpu3.data       0.496111                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_miss_rate::total           0.464423                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 104309.572235                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 99652.147638                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 100996.871789                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 104347.093664                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 102326.438250                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99044.949907                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 107437.081250                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 99576.875811                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 109068.962826                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 98107.758621                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 103440.713558                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 101417.240930                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 107200.619842                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 106680.950059                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99044.949907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106619.216178                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 99576.875811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 106685.226525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 98107.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 102854.749944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 101417.240930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 106537.343208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 105614.607946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 99044.949907                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu0.data 106619.216178                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 99576.875811                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu1.data 106685.226525                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 98107.758621                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu2.data 102854.749944                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 101417.240930                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::cpu3.data 106537.343208                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 105614.607946                       # average overall miss latency
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l3.writebacks::writebacks               596356                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.writebacks::total                    596356                       # number of writebacks
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::writebacks         6145                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total          6145                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        49401                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        49398                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        49403                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        49400                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         197602                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       139508                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1079                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       145746                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1073                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       156639                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1075                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       163127                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       609325                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst          1078                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu0.data        188909                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst          1079                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu1.data        195144                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst          1073                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu2.data        206042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst          1075                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::cpu3.data        212527                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.demand_mshr_misses::total            806927                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.inst         1078                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu0.data       188909                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.inst         1079                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu1.data       195144                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.inst         1073                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu2.data       206042                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.inst         1075                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::cpu3.data       212527                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.overall_mshr_misses::total           806927                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data   4552593680                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data   4322247850                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data   4389123383                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data   4554365323                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  17818330236                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     93671253                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  13292745200                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     94329708                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  14124997084                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     92226597                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  14299134401                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     95963240                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  15504642945                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  57597710428                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     93671253                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17845338880                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     94329708                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  18447244934                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     92226597                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  18688257784                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     95963240                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  20059008268                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  75416040664                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst     93671253                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data  17845338880                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst     94329708                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data  18447244934                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst     92226597                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data  18688257784                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst     95963240                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data  20059008268                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  75416040664                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.999980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.999995                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.357369                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.381224                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.408019                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.430430                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.395697                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.429557                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.452026                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.475514                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.496111                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.464423                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu0.data     0.429557                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu1.data     0.452026                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu2.data     0.475514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.inst            1                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::cpu3.data     0.496111                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.464423                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 92155.901298                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 87498.438196                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 88843.256138                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 92193.630020                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 90172.823332                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86893.555659                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 95283.031797                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 87423.269694                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 96915.161198                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85952.094129                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 91287.191574                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 89268.130233                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 95046.454266                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 94527.075744                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86893.555659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94465.265710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 87423.269694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 94531.448233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85952.094129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 90701.205502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 89268.130233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 94383.340790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93460.797153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.inst 86893.555659                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu0.data 94465.265710                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.inst 87423.269694                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu1.data 94531.448233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.inst 85952.094129                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu2.data 90701.205502                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.inst 89268.130233                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::cpu3.data 94383.340790                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l3.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 93460.797153                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       1480151                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       673228                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             609323                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       596355                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            76869                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            197602                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           197602                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        609325                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port      1144247                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port      1142829                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l3.mem_side::total      2287076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                2287076                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls0.port     44943232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::system.mem_ctrls1.port     44866688                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l3.mem_side::total     89809920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                89809920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            806927                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  806927    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              806927                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer8.occupancy          2378675882                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer8.utilization               6.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.reqLayer9.occupancy          2374240352                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer9.utilization               6.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         4349527154                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization             11.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      3456559                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests      1719082                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops          51442                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops        51442                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol3bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  39485001141                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadResp           1539875                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty      2233052                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          204548                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           197603                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          197603                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq      1539878                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu0.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side      1317964                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu1.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side      1293766                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu2.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side      1298527                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count_system.cpu3.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side      1283780                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_count::total               5194037                       # Packet count per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu0.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     54787968                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu1.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     53795840                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu2.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     53989952                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size_system.cpu3.l2.mem_side::system.l3.cpu_side     53373376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.pkt_size::total              215947136                       # Cumulative packet size per connected master and slave (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoops                          718522                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol3bus.snoopTraffic                  38166784                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::samples          2456003                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.020945                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.143202                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::0                2404561     97.91%     97.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::1                  51442      2.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::3                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::4                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.snoop_fanout::total            2456003                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1696053915                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.occupancy         293975289                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer1.occupancy         288719870                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer2.occupancy         289726014                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer2.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol3bus.respLayer3.occupancy         286529646                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol3bus.respLayer3.utilization             0.7                       # Layer utilization (%)

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
